“Papa Satan, pape Satan aleppe!” ,
began Pluto with the voice of the mother;
And that wise man, who knew all thing,

He said to comfort me, “Do not hurt you
Thy fear; for, might that he hath;
This rock will not come down to us.”

Then he turned to that little lip.
And he said, “Shut up, you little wolf!
consumes within you with your anger.

It is not sanza to go to the dark:
wanted in the high, there where Michele
is the vengeance of the superb strupo.”

What from the wind inflated sails
they poop wrapped, then the alber sluggish,
So the cruel fair fell to the ground.

So we went down to the fourth lacquer,
taking more of the sore ripa
that the evil of the universe seizes everything.

God's righteousness! so many who cram
Nine troubles and pains, what do I see?
and why does our guilt take away from it?

How does the wave over Charyds,
fringed with the one in which it hitches,
So people must laugh here.

Here I saw the people more than elsewhere too much,
and on the one hand and on the other, with great screams,
Turning weights for stern force.

Percotëansi 'ncontro; and still there
turns to each one, turning backwards.
shouting, “Why do you hold?” and “Why jokes?”.

So they came back for the dark circle
from every hand to the opposite point,
shouting themselves also they undoubtedly meter;

And he turned every man, when he was come,
for its half circle to the other carousel.
And I, who had his heart almost compact,

I said, “My master, now show me
what people are this, and if all of us were
these chercutes on our left.”

And he to me: “Everybody out of war
yes of the mind in the first life,
that with zero measure I spend ferci.

Their voice is very clear to them the bark.
when they see at two points in the circle
where contrary guilt despises them.

These out of the woods, which have no cover
pilous to the head, and popes and cardinals,
in which he uses avarice his soperchium.”

And I said, “Master, among these coals
will have to I well recognize some
that I am unclean with these evils.”

And he to me: “Vain thought together:
the unfamiliar life that the filthy fés,
to all knowledge now makes them brown.

In the eternally there will come to them two pieces:
these will resurrect of the sepulcro
with his fist closed, and these with the crin hubs.

Bad giving and bad keeping the pulcro world
He took them away, and put them to this fight:
what she is, words do not appulcro us.

Now you can, son, see the short funny
of the good that are committed to luck,
for that human people fouls;

for all the gold that is under the moon
and that already was, of this tired souls
could not put one down.”

“My master,” said I, “now also tell me:
this fortune of that you touch me,
What is it, that the good of the world hath indeed among branches?”

And those to me: “Oh foolish creatures,
How ignorance is it that offends you!
Now I want you to make my sentence.

He who knows everything transcends,
made the heavens there, and gave them who leads
Yea, that every part shines on every side;

distributing the light equally.
Similar to the worldly splendor
ordered general minister and duce

to permutate them in time well in vain
of people in people and of one in another blood,
beyond the defense of the human senni;

that one people rule and the other language,
according to the judgment of her,
which is hidden as in the grass the eaves.

Your saver did not conkey to her:
this promises, judges, and pursues
His kingdom as their other gods.

Its permutations have no triegue:
necessity makes her be fast;
so often comes who each other follows.

This is the one who is so placed on the cross
even as the color that should give her praise,
giving her biasm wrongly and bad voice;

But she is blessed, and it hears not:
with the other first creatures pleased
he turned his hopes and blessed he enjoys.

Now let us descend to more pity.
already every star falls that went up
When I moved, and too much star forbids himself.”

We recreated the circle to the other shore
upon a source that boils and pours
for a moat that derives from her.

The water was much more dark than lost;
and we, in the company of the big,
intrammo down a different route.

In the swamp goes there name Styx
this sad brook when he descended
at the foot of the evil gray plague.

And I, who was aiming understanding,
I saw muddy people in that quirk,
all naked, with offended semblant.

These are not smitten with hand,
but with his head and his chest and his feet,
cutting off with teeth to song.

The good master said, “Son, now see
the soul of color whose wrath prevailed;
and also I want you for sure believe

that under the water are people who signed,
and make this water pullular to the summ,
As the eye tells you, there it wanders.

Dense in the silt dicon: ``We were sad
in the sweet air that happeth from the sun,
bringing in nasty we were:

Now we grieve us in the black beauty.”
This hymn buzzes in the choke,
so that they can say nothing with an intact word.”

So we turned from the gross puddle
large arc between the dry ripa and the medium,
with their eyes to those who gouge the mud.

We came to the foot of a tower to sezzo.