So I descended from the circle first
down in the second, that men loco strap
and all the more pain, which stings to trouble.

Stavvi Minos horribly, and growls:
it examines the faults and the intrata;
Judge and send according to which he enrages.

I say that when the poorly born soul
comes before them, all confesses;
and that connoisseur of sins

sees what place of hell is from it;
swans with tail so many times
Although degrees he wants it down.

There are always many before him:
they go to each other to the judgment,
They say and hear, and then they're down times.

“O you who come to the painful hospice,”
Minos said to me when you saw me,
leaving the act of such office,

“Look how you enter and trust;
Let not deceive you the breadth of the intrusion!”
It is my Duke to him: “Why is he crying?

Do not prevent her fatal going:
you want so there where you can
what is desired, and no longer dimander.”

Now the sorrowful notes begin
to be heard; now I am come
where much crying strikes me.

I came to the spot with every muted light.
that mooeth as he seates in a storm,
if from contrary winds it is fought.

The infernal blizzard, which never remains,
mena them spirited with his robbery;
Turning around and beating them harassing.

When they came before the ruin,
there the cries, the mourning, the mourning;
there blasphemmian the divine virtue.

I understand that he has done so torment
the carnal sinners are damned.
that subdue it to talent.

And how they wore their wings
in the cold weather, wide and full,
so that breath them spirits evil

thence, thence, downward, upward.
no hope ever comforts them,
not that of laying, but of less penalty.

And as the cranes are singing them there,
doing in aere of itself long row,
So I saw that I came, causing trouble.

shadows brought by the said brigade;
And I said unto him, Master, who are they?
Gentiles that the black aura does gastiga?”

“The first of color referred to novels
You want to know,” said the ones at allot,
“was emperor of many fairy tales.

At the vice of lust it was broken.
who liberated himself in his law,
to keep the biasm in which it was conducted.

Ell is Semiramis, of which we read
which happened to Nino, and was his wife:
He kept the land that Soldan corrects.

The other is the one who gives herself love,
and broke faith in the ashes of Shecheus;
then it's Cleopatràs lussurïosa.

Elena see, so much offender
time turned, and you see the great Achilles,
that with love in order to fight.

See Paris, Tristan”; and more than a thousand
shadows and names to fingers,
that love of our departmental lives.

Then I had my doctor heard
nomar the ancient women and 'knights,
mercy came to me, and I was almost lost.

I began: “Poet, will you?
I would speak to those two who go
And so may the wind be light.”

And he to me: “You will see when they will be
more with us; and then you prive them
for that love which I make, and he will come.”

Yes tough as the wind to us bends them,
I moved my voice, “O troubled souls.
Come to us to speak, if others do not!”

What doves from disio called
with wings raised and firm at the sweet nest
vegnon for the air, from wanting to carry;

to come out of the ranks where Dido is.
to us coming by the evil air,
so loud was the affectionate cry.

“The grazious and benign animal
that visiting go for the lost aere
we who dreamed the world of blood,

if the king of the universe,
we would pray him for your peace,
Then you have mercy on our perverse evil.

Of what you like to hear and speak.
we will hear and speak to you,
while the wind, as it does, is silent.

Sits the earth where I was born
up the marina where the Po descends
to have peace with the followers on.

Love, which is learned to the fair heart of the rat.
took this man from the beautiful person
which was taken away from me; and the way still offends me.

Love, who loved nothing to love forgive,
He took me of this very strong pleasure,
which, as you see, still does not abandon me.

Love led us to death.
Caina waits for those who died us for life”.
These words from them out of doors.

When I understood that offensive souls...
I bowed my face, and so I kept it low,
until the poet said unto me, What did he think?

When I remarried, I began, “Oh, up.
how many sweet thoughts, how much disio
He brought them to the painful step.”

Then I turned to them and I talked,
and I started: “Francesca, your martìri
They make me sad and pious.

But tell me: in the days of sweet sights,
to that and how he granted love
that ye knew the doubtful desires?”

And the one to me: “No more pain
than to remember the happy time
and that's what your doctor knows.

But you know the first root
of our love you have so much affection,
I will say as he who weeps and says.

We read a day for pleasure
of Litchlauncher as love held him;
alone we were and without any suspicion.

For more fïate the eyes he pushed us
that reading, and discolor your face;
but only one point was what won us.

When we read the laughing
to be succumbed by such a lover,
these, who never be divided from me,

My mouth gave me all trembling.
Convict was the book and who wrote it:
We did not read to you that day before.”

While the one spirit said,
the other weeps; so that of pity
I came as much as I died.

And I fell like a dead body falls.