Then that the charity of the native loco
squeezed me, I gathered the sparse fronds
And give them to him, who was already dim.

Then we came to the end where we started
the second giron from the third, and where
you see horrible art justice.

To make things clear nine things,
say we got to a moor
that from his bed every plant rimove.

The painful forest is a garland
around, like the sad ditch to it;
There we stopped the steps to mainsail and mainsail.

The sweep was a dry and thick sand.
not of any other shape made that she
which was already suppressed by Caton's foot.

O vengeance of God, how much thou gods
be feared by every one who reads
what was manifested to my eyes!

Of naked souls I saw many flocks
that all wept very miserably;
and parea laid them different law.

Supin is lying on the earth any people,
no one sits all harvested,
and more went on the continüy.

The one I came back was much more,
and the least that lay in torment,
But his tongue was loosened more to grief.

Above all the sand, of a slow fall,
rainwater of inflated foco flaps,
like snow in a windy meadow.

What Alexander in those hot parts
d'Indïa saw above his son
flames fall inuntil the ground stead,

for that he provides to grasp the ground
with its armies, steaming that the steam
Mei stood out while he was alone:

such was the eternal ardor;
so that the sand is kindled, as bait
under focil, to double the pain.

Without rest was never the affair
of the miserable hands, now, now, fifteen
drawing for itself the fresh burning.

I began, “Master, you who win
all things, except demon to last
that at the entrance of the door meets out of it,

who is that great that doesn't seem to heal
and lies mischievous and wrong,
so that the rain does not seem to be martyred?”

And that medesm, which was noticed
which I asked my duke of him,
He cried, “As I was alive, so am I dead.

If Jupiter wears his blacksmith from whom
crucciato took the agute lightning bolt
so that the last of the beating was;

or if he weary them others to mute to mute
in Mongibello to the black focina
calling ```Good Volcano, help, help!” ,

as he did to the fist of Flegra,
and I snag with all his strength:
He could not have any merry vengeance.”

Then my duke spoke of strength
so much that he had not heard him so loud:
“O Capaneus, in that which is not amortised

Thy pride, if thou more punished;
no martyr, except your anger.
it would be to your grief.”

Then he turned to me with better lips,
saying, “This was one of the seven rulers
that he assired Thebes; and he had and that he had

God in disdain, and little seems to be the merit;
but, as I said he, he despises them
I'm in his chest very debted friezes.

Now come after me, and see that you do not put.
still, feet them in the sand slaketh;
But always in the woods keep their feet tight.”

Teasing we became there've broken
out of the forest a small river
whose blush still creepy me.

Which of the Bulicame comes out stream
And the sinners went forth among them,
such for the sand down sen giva that.

His bottom and both slopes
Fatt' was 'n stone, and 'margins dallato;
that I realized that the step was lici.

“Of all the other things that I have shown you,
poscia that we intrammo for the door
whose sole to no one is denied,

thing it wasn't from there your eyes escort
notable how the present rium,
who overshadowed all dead flames.”

These words out of my Duke;
that I prayed him that he widened me the meal
Whose disio had spread over me.

“In the middle of the sea sits a broken country,”
And he said, “Crete is appealed,
under whose rule was already the chaste world.

There is a mountain that already was glad
of water and leaves, whose name was Ida;
Now she is deserted as forbidding.

Rëa chose her already for cuna fida
of his son, and to conceal him better,
When he wept, he made you cry.

There is a great vigil in the mountain.
who keeps his shoulders inver' Dammiata
and Rome looks how I turn off.

His head is of gold formed,
and pure silver are the arms and the chest,
then it is copper inuntil the forked;

from indi in joins is all chosen iron,
except that the right foot is cooked ground;
and stands 'n on that, more than 'n on the other, erect.

Each part, except gold, is broken.
of a slit that tears drifs,
who, welcomed, fóran that cave.

Their course in this valley is broken down.
They make Acheronths, Styxes, and Phlegetonthas;
then sen van down this narrow shower,

infin, where it no longer dismount,
make Cocitus; and what is that pond
You will see it, but here you do not count.”

And I to him: “If the present rigagno
so he goes from our world,
why should we be appealing to this nursery?

And he to me: “You know that the place is round;
and all that you came very much,
even to the left, down to the bottom,

The circle of the circle is not yet for all;
for that, if what news,
Do not give marvel to your face.”

And I again: “Master, where is he?
Flegetonta and Letè? that de l'un taci,
and the other say that it is raining.”

“In all your questions I certainly like you”,
replied, “but 'l bollor de l'acqua rosso
should be well solver the one that you do.

Leth thou shalt see, but out of this pit,
there where the anime go to wash
when the repentant guilt is removed.”

Then he said, “Omai is time to depart.
from the woods; do that back to me:
the margins fan away, that they are not burned,

And upon them every vapor shall be extinguished.