In the time that Iunone was cracked
for Semelè against the Teban blood,
as one and other fïata,

Athamante became so insane,
that seeing his wife with two children
to be carried away by each hand,

cried, “Let us set up the nets, so that I will take
the lioness and 'lions at the gate”;
and then stretched out the wretched claws,

taking the one whose name was Learco,
and rotollo and beat him to a stone;
and she drowned herself with the other carco.

And when the luck turned down
the height of the Troians who aroused all,
So that the king was crashed,

Ecuba sad, miserable and bad,
when he saw Polissena dead.
and his Polidoro up the shore

of the sea was the sorrowful watch,
mangled latrò yes as a dog;
so much pain makes her mind cake.

But neither fury Thebes nor Trojans
you will see mäi in no so crude,
not punching beasts, but human limbs,

how much I saw in two shadows dead and naked;
that biting ran that way
that the pig when the pig hatch.

One came to Capocchio, and on the knot
of his neck sucked him, so that, pulling
scratching them made their belly to the bottom firm.

And the Aretin that remained, trembling
He said to me, “That goblin is Gianni Schicchi,
And he is angry with others.”

“Oh,” he said, “if the other do not shove you
them teeth down, don't you have any trouble
to tell who it is, before it comes out of here.”

And he to me: “That is the ancient soul
of unholy myrrh, which became
to his father, out of straight love, friend.

This one to sin with it so come,
falsifying himself into another form,
as the other that goes there, sustained,

to earn the woman of the torma,
falsify Buoso Donati,
testing and giving the will norm.”

And then that the two angry out of the past
over which I had the eye held;
turn him to look at others who are ill-born.

I saw a man, made in the way of Luito,
even though he had the watermelon
truncates from the other, whom man forked.

The severe dropsy, which is so despairing
the limbs with the omor that is poorly converting;
that the face does not respond to the belly,

made him keep his lips open
as ethical does, that for thirst
the one verse the chin and the other upwards turn back.

“O you who punish no punishment.
and I do not know why, in the gracious world,”
said he to us, “Look and wait

to the misery of master Adam;
I had, alive, much of what I wish,
And now, Lasso! , a droplet of water I crave.

Li ruscelletti that of the green hills
of Casentin descended into Arno,
making their channels cold and soft;

always stand before me, and do not ind,
for the image of their ways dries me more
that the evil wave of me in my face discarded me.

The rigid justice that pokes me
He draws the cause of the place where I sinned
to put my sighs more on the run.

There is Romena, where I faltered
the sealed league of the Batista;
for that I left the body above burnt.

But if I could see here the sad soul
of Guido or Alexander or their friars;
for Source Branda I wouldn't give the sight.

Inside there's one already, if you angry her
shadows that go around with true;
But what is it worth me, have my limbs tied?

If I were so still light
that I could go one ounce in a hundred years,
I would be put already for the list,

looking for him among these slacky people,
with all that she turns eleven miles,
And he does not have it sideways.

I am a family to them.
and they induced me to beat the forints
which had three carats of the world.

And I said to him, “Who are the two tapini?
who fumman like a wet man the vern,
Lying tight on your right borders?”

“Here I found them—and then time I did not say—”,
replied, “when you rained in this crack,
and I do not think that they say forever.

The one is the false one that Gioseppo accused;
the other is the false Greek Sinon of Troy:
for agute fever gittan so much leppo”.

And one of them, who went to boredom
perhaps to be named so obscure,
With his fist, the epa croia beat them.

She sounded like a drum;
and Master Adam smote their faces
with his arm, which seemed no less hard,

saying to him, “Even if it be taken away from me
I am going for the limbs that are wealthy;
I have my arm to such a trade loose.”

And he said, “When you went
to the fire, I did not have it so soon;
but yes, and more I had it when you coined.”

And the hydropic: “Thou shalt say this:
but you were not yes to see witness
there have you been to Troy I asked.”

“If I said false, and thou falsified the minting,”
said Sinon; “And I am here for a break,
and thou more than any other devil.”

“Remember, perjury, of the horse,”
answered that which had inflamed the epa;
“and you are offender, that the whole world is slaughtered!”

“And let thy thirst be true, so that thou shalt crack,”
said the Greek, “the tongue, and the rotten water
That your belly before your eyes will hail you.”

Then the monetier: “So it rips
thy mouth for thy sickness as soles;
For if I thirst and honour it will make me stronger;

You have the fear and the head that grieves you,
and to lick the mirror of Narcissus,
you wouldn't want to 'nvitar many words.”

I was the one who listened to them.
when the teacher said to me, “But he seek,
that I barely wrestle with you.”

When I hear it to me speak with ira,
turned me to him with such shame,
that still for my memory I turn.

What is he whom his damnation dreams about?
who dreaming desires to dream,
so that what it is, as if it were not, years,

So did I, not being able to speak,
who dismissed me, and apologized
me however, and he didn't believe me to.

“Greater flaw less shame lava,”
said, “the master, “that yours was not;
But with all sorrow it disgraceful you.

And make it so that I am always at your door,
if more start what luck it welcomes you
where are people in the same place:

for it to be heard is low will.”