If I had the bitter, bitter rhyme,
how would you converge to the sad hole
over which all the other rocks,

me would press of my own concept the suco
more fully; but because I do not abide it,
do not fear to say I lead myself;

for it is not a feat to catch
Discribe bottom to the whole universe,
nor from a tongue you call mom or dad.

But let those women help my verse
that I will help Anphon to close Thebe,
so that by the fact the dir is no different.

Oh over all poorly created plebs
that you are on the spot to talk is hard,
If you had been here sheep or zebes!

As we were down in the dark pit
under the feet of the giant much lower
and I was still aiming at the high wall,

And say, “Look how you pass.
goes yeah that you don't cast with plants
the heads of the poor brothers.”

For that I turned around, and saw me before
and under my feet a lake that for frost
had of glass, and not of semblant water.

He did not make such a big veil in his course
of verno the Danoia in Osterlicchi,
nor Tanaï there under the cold sky,

as it was there; that if Tambernicchi
if there were fallen, O Pietrapana,
I don't have the edge of it, but I don't know.

And how to gracidar is the frog
with his nose out of water, when he dreams
to gleam often the villain,

livid, insin where shame appears
were the sorrowful shadows in the ice,
putting the teeth in the stork note.

Each one down held once his face;
from the mouth the cold, and from the eyes the sad heart
among their testimony is prosecuted.

When I was around quite seen,
I turned to my feet, and I saw two so tight.
that the head of the head of the head of the head mixed together.

“Tell me, ye that cry the breasts,”
I said, “Who are you?” And they bend their necks;
And when I was ebber, I saw them upright to me.

their eyes, which were before they were in soft;
drip on the lips, and the frost clenched
the tears between them and secrecy.

With wooden bars never girded wood
strong so; waves he like two beaks
cozzaro together, so much wrath won them.

And one who had lost both ears
for the cold, even with his face down,
He said, “Why do you mirror so much in us?

If you want to know who these two,
the valley waves Bisenzo dichina
of their father Albert, and of them was.

I will go out of one body; and all the Caina
you can search, and you will not find shadow
Worthy more than to be thick in gelatin:

not those whose chest and shadow were broken
with it a blow for the hand of Arthur;
not Focaccia; not these that cluttered me

with my head, so that I see no more;
and was named Sassol Mascheroni;
If I take myself, you know who it was.

And why don't you put me in more sermons,
Know that there was the Camiscion de Pazzi;
and I wait for Carlin to clear me.”

Poscia lived I thousand faces
made for cold; so that I may be rewarded;
And there will always come, ice cream gouache.

And as we were going, he inverted the middle
to whom every gravity is gathered together,
And I trembled in the earnest;

whether it was destiny or luck,
I don't know; but, walking through my heads,
I hit the foot in the face at one.

He cried to me, “Why do you plague me?
if you don't come to grow revenge
of Montaperti, why are you harassing me?”

And I said, “My master, now he waits for me,
that I may come out of doubt for him;
Then thou shalt make me, whichever thou wishest, haste.”

The Duke stood, and I said to him
who blasphemed hard yet:
“What are you that so rejoice others?”

“Now who are you that go to the Ancestora,
beating,” he replied, “the goats of others;
so that if I were alive, too much pierce?”

“I live, and dear to be can thee,”
was my answer, “if you die fame,
Let me put thy name among other notes.

And he to me: “On the contrary, I crave.
Arise up and give me no more mourning.
You know how to flatter for this blade.”

Then I took him by the skin
And I said, “El will agree that you name yourself,
or that the hair here above does not reign you.”

And he said to me: “Because thou shalt discard me,
Nor will I tell you that I am, nor mosterrolte,
if a thousand winds up my head.”

I had my hair in my hand wrapped.
And he had more than one strand to him.
barking him with their eyes down collected,

when another cried, “What is wrong with you, Mouth?
it's not enough for you to sonar with your jaws,
if you don't get it? What devil does it touch you?”

“Omai,” said I, “I will only have more fairy tales,
wicked traitor; let thy shame
I will bring true tidings of you.”

“Go away,” he replied, “and what you want matters;
But do not keep quiet, if you enter this way
of that which had now his tongue ready.

The silver of the Franceschi weeps here:
```I saw”, you may say, ```that of Duera
where sinners are fresh.”

If I had asked ``Others who was there?” ,
you gave that of Beccheria
of which Fiorenza saw the ruff.

Gianni de' Soldanier I think it's
more there with Ganellone and Tebaldello,
who opened Faenza when he slept.”

We had already departed from Hell,
that I saw two frozen in a hole;
so that one end to the other was a hat;

and how the bread for starvation is sent;
so the teeth over to the other posed
there've got the brain added with the back of the head:

not otherwise Tidëo rose
the temples at Menalippus out of disdain,
that they used to make skull and other things.

“O you who show so bestial sign
hate over him whom you eat you,
tell me why,” I said, “for such a congregation,

that if you mourn yourself,
knowing who you are and his sin,
in the Suso world I still change you,

If the one with whom I speak is not dried up.