In the middle of the path of our life
I found myself in a dark jungle.
for the right way was lost.

Ouch as to say what was it hard thing
this wild and harsh and strong forest
that in the thought renews fear!

So much so bitter that little is more death;
But to deal with the good that I found there,
I will say of the other things that I have given you.

I don't know how you get in there.
so much was full of sleep at that point
that I abandoned the true way.

But then that I was at the foot of a hill that came to pass.
there where that valley ended
that my heart was afraid of me;

looked up and I saw his back
clothed with the rays of the planet
that makes others straight for every street.

Then was the fear a little this,
that in the lake of my heart had lasted
the night I spent with such mercy.

And like those who with worrying lena,
gone out of the lake at the water,
turns to the perilous and glowing water,

So my soul, which still escaped.
turned to the back to review it I pass
who never left a person alive.

And that the body was laid up a little up,
taken away by the deserted plain,
so that the steady foot was always the lowest.

And behold, almost at the beginning of the erta,
a light loin and lends a lot,
that she was covered out of the grass;

and let not go before my face,
indeed, my way was so mpedd,
that I was to come back several times.

Temp' was from the beginning of the morning,
and the sun mounted 'n up with those stars
who were with him when divine love

moves before those beautiful things;
so that it was good for me to hope
of that fair a la gaetta skin

the time of weather and the sweet season;
but not so that fear he wouldn't give me
the sight that appeared to me of a lion.

This seems to me to come
With his head high, and with rabid hunger,
so that the air seemed to tremble.

And a wolf, who of all desires
He seemed to carca in his thinness,
and many people have already lived gram,

this gave me so much of gravity
with the fear of his sight,
that I lost the hope of the heights.

And what is it that you will buy,
And now the time to lose does,
that in all his thoughts weeping and grieving;

So made me the beast without peace,
that, coming up against me, little by little
He'd put me back where the sun is silent.

While he ruined it in the bottom of the loce,
before their eyes he was offered to me
who for long silent parea dim.

When I saw this man in the great desertion,
“Miserate of me,” I cried to him,
“whatever you are, or shadow or certain man.”

I said, “I am not a man, I am a man.
and my relatives were Lombardy.
Mantoans for patria both.

I was born under Iulio, even if it was late,
and I lived in Rome under the good Augustus
in the time of false and lying gods.

I was a poet, and I sang about that righteous
the son of Anchises, who came of Troia,
then that the proud Ilión was burnt.

But why are you back to so much boredom?
why don't you go up the delightful mountain
What is the beginning and cause of all joy?

“Now if thou, that Virgil and that fountain
who spreads to speak so far as the river?” ,
I answered him with shameful forehead.

“O of them other poets honor and light,
sift me the long study and the great love
that made me look for your volume.

You are my master and my author,
you are only the one from whom I took away
The beautiful stylus that has honoured me.

See the beast for which I turned;
help me from her, famous essay,
that she makes my veins and my wrists tremble.

“You need to keep another vïaggio”,
answered, then that tears you see me,
“he wants to camp in this wild place;

for this beast, for which thou shout,
does not let others pass by his way,
but so much so he kills him;

and has a nature so evil and ria,
who never wicked the longing desire,
and after the meal he is more hungry than before.

Many are the animals to whom he is wife,
and more will they be, infin that the velter
He will come, who will cause her to die in pain.

This will not feed land or pewter.
but wisdom, love and virtute,
and his nazion will be between felt and felt.

Of that humble Italy is healthy
for which the virgin Cammill,
Euryalus and Turnus and Niso of wounded.

He will drive her out for every village,
until he has put it back on him.
there waves 'nvidia first department.

So I think and discern for your me
that you follow me, and I will be your guide,
and drawn from here for an etterno spot;

where you will hear the desperate scream,
you will see them ancient sorrowful spirits,
that at the second death every one cries;

and you will see color that they are happy
in the fire, because they hope to come
when it is to the blessed nations.

And then if you want to go up,
soul should be more worthy than me:
with her I will leave you in my leave;

for the emperor who reigns above there,
For he was rebellious against his law,
He doesn't want me to be seen in his city.

In all parts he reigns, and there he holds;
there is his city and his high seat:
O happy he whom he elects therein.”

And I to him: “Poet, I demand thee
for what God you did not know,
May I flee this evil and worse,

that thou hast brought me there where thou hast sayed,
so that I shall see the gate of St. Peter
and color which thou makest so mesti.”

Then he moved, and I kept them behind.