The day went away, and the brown air
took away them animati that are on earth
from their labors; and I only one

set me up to support the war
yes of the way, and yes of mercy;
that will portray the mind that does not wander.

O muse, O high ingenuity, now help me;
or mind that I wrote what I see,
Here it will seem to be your ennobilitate.

I began, “Poet who guides me,
Look at my virtue, if it is might,
Before you at the high pass, you trust me.

You say that Silvïo's kindred,
corruptible yet, to immortal
century went, and it was noticeably.

But if the adversary of all evil
courteous i fu thinking the high effect
who will come out of him, and who is who

does not seem unworthy to a man of intellect;
which was of the soul of Rome and his empire
in the empirean heaven for elect father:

which is, to be true,
was established for the holy loco
There sits the successor of Major Piero.

This way, so that you can give them,
understood things that were the cause of
of his victory and of the papal clothed.

Then you went to the Vas d'elezïone,
to bring comfort to that faith
which is beginning to the way of salvation.

But me, why come? or who gives it?
I am not Eneah, I am not Paulo;
Me worthy of it neither I nor others believe it.

For that, if I come, I abandon myself.
I'm afraid the coming isn't crazy.
If you are wise, you mean me that I have no reason.

And what is he who disowns what he wished?
and for new thoughts cangia proposal,
so that from beginning everything is tolerated,

So he made me in that dark cost,
because, thinking, I consumed the 'mpresa
that it was in the beginning so badly.

“If I have the word of your understanding,”
that shadow,
“Your soul is of evil offence;

which many fïate the man cluttered
so that in an unfortunate endeavour he addressed it,
as false to see beast when shadow.

From this theme you solidify yourself,
because I came, and that which I ntesi
in the first point that troubles me about you.

I was between colors that were sospite,
and woman called me blessed and beautiful,
so that I demanded her to command.

Lucevan eyes them more than the star;
and begin to say sweet and gentle,
with angelic voice, in his fairy tale:

```O courteous soul Mantoan,
whose fame still lasts in the world,
and will last as long as the distant world,

my friend, and not of the venture,
ne the deserted plague is prevented
Yea, on the path, which is out of fear;

and I fear that it is not already misplaced,
that I may be late to the rescue lifted up,
for all that I have heard of him in heaven.

Now move, and with thy word adorned
and with this there hath trades in his field;
He helps her so that she may be comforted.

I am Beatrice who let you go;
the place where to return disio;
love moved me, which makes me talk.

When I stand before my own sign,
I will praise him often.”
Shut up then, and then I start:

```O woman of virtue alone whereby
the human spice exceeds every happy
of that heaven hath fewer looks,

Thy commandment so pleases me,
that the ubidir, if it were already, is late to me;
It is no longer for you to open up your talent to me.

But tell me the cause you don't look at yourself
de lo scender qua giuso in this center
of the large place where you will return”.

``Since you want to saver so much to inside,
Dirupted brievemente,” he reversed me,
Because I'm not afraid to come in here.

To fear that you will only be goddess those things
there have power to do others harm;
of the others not, for they are not frightened.

I am made by God, his mercy, such,
that your misery will not tangle me,
nor the flame of this endio does not assault me.

Woman is gentle in heaven who mourns herself
of this 'mpeishment of' I send you,
So hard I judge up there fringe.

This asked Lucia in her stating
And he said, 'Now thy faithful needeth
of you, and I recommend it to you—.

Lucia, nimic of every cruel,
moved, and came to the place where he was,
who seated me with the ancient Rachel.

He said, 'Beatrice, praise the true God,
That you may not help those who loved you so much,
Who came out of the vulgar army for thee?

Do not you hate the pity of his weep,
don't you see death that fights it
on the river where the sea has not boasted? —.

In the world never fur people rats
to make them for, or to flee them harm;
as I, after that, I made words,

I came down here of my blessed shoot,
trusting your honest talk,
that honors thee and those that have heard it.

Poscia who had reasoned this to me,
their eyes shining wanted,
for that he made me come soon.

And I came to you as she turned:
before that fair I took you up
that of the beautiful mountain the short going took you away.

So, what is it? why, why did I stay,
because so much cowardice in the core tempts you,
because you are daring and frankness,

poscia that you tai three blessed women
take care of thee in the court of heaven,
Does my speaking so well promise you?”

What florets from the night frost
bent down and closed, then that the sun blew them,
they all drizzan open in their stem,

So I made me of my virtue weary.
and so good to darken my heart.
that I began as a frank person:

“Oh pitiful she who helped me!
and you courteous that ubidists tough
to the true words he gave you!

Thou hast my heart willing
yes to coming with your words,
that I have returned to the first proposal.

Now go, that one will is of both:
Thou Duke, thou Signor, and thou master.
So I said unto them; and then what moved was,

intruders for the high and wild way.