Silence, alone, without company
We went one before and the other after,
as Friars Minor go away.

Vòlt' was up the fairy tale of Isopo
my thoughts for the present brawl,
where he spoke of the frog and the mouse;

that no longer equalizes `mo' and `issa'
that he does with each other, if he mates well
beginning and end with the fixed mind.

And as one pensier of the other bursts out,
so was born of that another then,
that the first fear makes me double.

I thought like this: `These for us
are mocked with damage and with mockery
I do, which I do not think they are.

If the wrath over evil wanting is agguess,
and they will come after more cruel
that “the dog to the light that he kindles. “

Already I feel all curl them hair
of fear and was in behind intention,
when I said, Master, if you do not hide

you and me toastly I fear
of the Malebranche. We had them behind;
I 'magic' them, that I already hear them. '

And he said, “If I were made of glass,
the image out of yours I would not draw
tougher to me than the one inside.

Though we come your thoughts among me,
with a similar act and with a similar face,
so that there is only one counsel in between.

If it is that the right hand is lying.
that we may in the other bolgia go down,
We will flee the imagined hunt.”

Already did not accomplish such counsel render,
that I saw them coming with outstretched wings
not very far, to want to take it.

My duke overwhelmed me.
as the mother who al romore is awakened
And he sees with him the burning flames.

who takes his son, and flees, and does not stopp,
having more of him than he cares,
so much so that only a shirt wears;

and down from the neck of the hard ripa
supin gave himself to the rock pendant,
one side to the other.

Never ran yes tough shower water
to volger wheel of molin earth,
when she more toward the shovels approach,

as my master for that nursery,
carrying me over his chest,
as his son, not as a companion.

I am afraid his feet have come to bed
of the bottom down, which was in the hill
overwhelmed us; but there was not suspicion:

for the high provenance which they wished
to lay ministers of the fifth,
power to leave 'indi to everyone.

Down there we found a painted people
that giva around a lot with slow steps,
weeping and in the semblant tired and overcome.

Elli avean hoods with low hoods
before their eyes, made of the size
that in Clugnì for the monks fassi.

Out of gold they are, so that they dazzle;
but inside all lead, and severe so much,
that Federigo put them out of straw.

Oh in Etterno tiring mantle!
We turned yet, even though we were missing.
with them together, intent to the sad weeping;

but for the weight that tired people
came so slowly, that we were new
of companionship to every hip move.

For that I to my Duke: “Let you find
no one known by the fact or by the name;
and eyes them, yes going, around movi.”

It is one that 'ntese the word tuscany,
back to us cried, “Hold your feet,
You who run for the dark aura!

Perhaps you will have of me what you ask.”
So the duke turned and said, “Wait, wait.
and then, according to his step, proceed.”

Restetti, and I saw two show great haste
of the soul, with the face, to be with me;
but late, the carco and the narrow way.

When out of reach, very with a blind eye
They looked at me without saying a word;
Then they turned into themselves, and said unto him,

“This man is alive at the act of the throat;
And if they are dead, for what privilege
are to be discovered of the grave stole? '

Then he said unto me, O Tosco, who is at the boarding school
of the sad hypocrites himself come,
say who thou art not to be in contempt.”

And I said to them, “I was born and raised.
over the beautiful river of Arno to the great villa,
and I am with the body that I have always had.

But who are you, to whom he distills so much
How much do I see my pain down my cheeks?
and what grief is it in you that it is wrong?”

And the one said to me, “The rance hoods
they are of lead so big, that weigh them
so they squeak their scales.

Enjoying friars we were, and Bolognese;
me Catalano and these Loderingo
nomed, and from your land together I took

as a soline man be taken away;
to keep his peace; and we were like,
which still seems to be around Gardingo”.

I began: “O monks, your evils.”;
but I said no more, that in the eye ran to me
a, crucifix in the ground with three poles.

When he saw me, everything was distorted,
blowing his beard with sighs;
and the Friar Catalan, who saw this;

He said to me, “That reproach that you mished,
counseled the Pharisees that it congregates
to lay a man for the people to Martyri.

Crossed is, naked, in the way,
as you see, and it is mestier that el sentiment
whatever passes, as weighs, pria.

And in this way the socero struggles
in this pit, and others from the council
which was for them the Jews bad seed.”

Then I lived I marvel Virgil
over him who was lying on the cross
so vile in the eterno exile.

Poscia raised to the friar with his voice:
“Do not mind, if he read you, tell us
if at the right hand lies no mouth

so that we can get out of it,
sanza costrigner de li angeli neri
that they vegnan of this fund to departments.”

And he said, “More than you do not hope
closes a stone that gives the great circle
he moves and crosses all the walloons,

except that 'n this is broken and does not cover;
you can mount up for the ruin,
lying in the coast and in the bottom of the sea.”

The Duke stood a little on his head;
then he said, “It was badly important.
He who sinners on this hook.”

It is the friar: “I hear” already say in Bologna
of the devil's vices very much, among 'what hearing'
that he is a liar, and a father of lies.

I followed the Duke with great passages on the day,
troubled a little anger in the semblant;
I give them “I'll leave”

behind the post of the dear plants.