Up the end of a high shelf
who made great broken stones in a circle;
We came over more cruel stipa;

and there, for the horrible soperchio
of the stench that the deep gitta,
we went behind, behind, a lid

of a great avello, where I saw a writing
who said, `Anastasius pope look,
I took Fotin from the straight path.

“Our descendant is better to be late,
yes he auses a little bit in first the sense
to the sad breath; and then do not regard him.”

So the master; and I “No reward,”
said he, “find that time does not pass
lost”. And he said, “See that I am thinking of this.”

“My son, inside of these stones,”
then began to say, “they are three circles
of rank to rank, like the one you lash.

All are full of evil spirits;
but because then you are sufficient for your eyesight.
you mean how and why they are forced.

Of all mischief, which hatred in heaven acquires:
Injury is the end, and every end
either forcefully or with fraud of others.

But because fraud is evil of the man.
more sorry to God; but they're downstairs
and the more sorrow he assails them.

Of vïulent the first circle is everything;
but because you make strength to three people,
in three groups is distinct and construct.

To God, to Himself, to Neighbor
make strength, I say in them and in their things,
as you will hear with open reason.

Death by strength and grieving wounded
in the neighbor they give, and in his having
ruins, fires and harmful tolerances;

murderous waves, and every one who is unproud;
troublemakers and predon all torments
I rode first for several armies.

Can man have in himself man vïolenta
and in his possessions; but in the second
giron convien che sanza pro repentes

any deprived of your world,
blunts and blends his faculty.
and weeps there where she is playful.

You can make strength in the deïtade,
with the heart denying and blaspheming that,
and unscathing nature and goodness;

and however the minor giron seals
of his sign and Soddoma and Caorsa
and who, despising God with his heart, is a fairy tale.

Fraud is bitted,
can the man use in him who 'n he trusts
and in what fiance does not impart.

This retro way par ch' engraved
even though I win him with love that is nature;
waves in the second circle lurks

hypocresy, flattery and those who strain,
falsehood, thief and simony,
Ruffian, barter and similar filth.

By the other way, that love is oblivious
which is nature, and what is then added,
that the faith spezïal is created;

waves in the smaller circle, ov' is the point
from the universe up that Dite sits,
any trade in etterno is worn out”.

And I said, “Master, very clear proceeds
your reason, and very well distinguishes
This slam is the people who possess.

But tell me: those de la swamp pengue,
that bites the wind, and that beats the rain,
and that they meet with such harsh tongues;

because not inside from the city mange
are they and punished, if God hath them in wrath?
And if he hath not, why are they so?

And he to me, “Why so delirious,”
He said, “Your understanding from what he knows?
or see the mind where else it aims?

You don't remember those words.
with the quai your Ethics pertracted
the three provisions that heaven does not wish,

incontainment, malice and the mad
Bestiality? and as an incontainment
Do God offend and do I blame him?

If you concern this judgment,
and go to the mind who are those
that out of support for penitence,

you will see well because from these felli
be departed, and why less angry
Divine vengeance will hammer them.”

“O only that heal every troubled eye,
you happy me yes when you solve,
that, not least saver, doubting me aggravates.

Still in the back a little bit,”
said I, “Where thou sayest that usury offends
the divine goodness, and the lump solvi”.

“Philosophy,” he told me, “to whom he tends it,
note, not only in one part,
as nature its course takes

by the divine ntelletto and his art;
and if you well your Physics notes,
you will find, not after many cards,

that your art that, how much he can,
follows, as the teacher does the learner;
so that your art to God is almost nepote.

From these two, if you remember
Genesì from the beginning, agrees
to take his life, and to advance the people;

and because the usriere other way tende,
for itself nature and for its follower
He despises, then that in other places he will put it off.

But follow me now that I like it;
that the Pisces wiggle up the horizon,
and the Chariot all over the Choir lies.

and the leap away there beyond disassembles”.