I am forced to make verses of my life
and give matera to the twentieth song
of the first song, which is of the submerged.

I was already willing everything.
to cover the bottom discovery,
who got wet with distressing weeping;

and I saw people for the round vallon
to come, to silence and to keep pace
that make lethane in this world.

As my face came down to them lower,
admirably appeared to be overwhelmed
each between the chin and the principle of the cass,

For the face had returned from the kidneys;
and in the back come to them benefit,
for seeing them before was taken away from them.

Maybe already of parlasia
thus overwhelmed none at all;
But I didn't see it, nor do I think it is.

If God leaves you, reader, take fruit
of your lesson, or think for yourself
how I could keep my face dry,

when our image of near
I saw yes cake, that the weeping of them eyes
the buttocks wetted for the fool.

Surely I weep, resting on one of the Rocco
of the hard rock so that my escort
And he said unto me, Thou shalt give the other fools?

Here lives pity when she is dead;
who is more wicked than he
that to the judging divine passion entails?

Halyard your head, halyard, and see to which
the earth was opened to the eyes of the Theban;
For that he cried all, `Where you go,

Anfíarao? Why do you leave the war?”
And there was no left to ruin downstream
until Minos, that each one grabs.

Mira made his chest of shoulders.
because he wanted to see too much forehead,
retro looks and makes retroso calle.

See Tiresia, who changed semblant
when he became a male female;
changing the limbs all of them;

and first, then, rivatter agreed them
them duo snakes wrapped, with the sham,
that he had the male pens.

Aronta is the one who keeps them in their belly.
that in the mountains of Luni, where
the Carrarese who downstairs houses,

had between 'white marbles the cave
for his dwelling place; so that he may look at the stars
and the sea was not there the truncated view.

And the one who sew up the udders,
that you do not see, with loose braids,
and hath every pilous skin thence;

Mantus was, who sought for many lands;
Then it can be where I was born;
so I like him to listen to me a little.

Then his father came out of life.
And the city of Baco came servant,
this great time for the world thu.

Suso in Italy beautiful lies a laco,
at the foot of the Alpe that greenhouse Lamagna
over Tiralli, his name is Benaco.

For a thousand sources, I think, and the more it gets wet
between Garda and Val Camonica and Pennino
of the water that in the said watertight laco.

Loco is in the middle where the Trentino
pastor and that of Brescia and the Veronese
To mark poria, he took that path.

Sits Peschiera, beautiful and strong tool
to face Bresciani and Bergamaschi,
where the shore 'ngo more descents.

There it is necessary that everything is helmet,
what in the womb of Benaco star can not,
and fassi river down the green pastures.

Hard that the running water puts this,
no longer Benaco but Mencio is called
up to Governol, where he falls in Po.

Not much has run, that he finds a blade,
in which it stretches and the 'mpaluda;
and the state of the art to be grama.

Then passing the raw virgin
He saw the earth, in the midst of the quage,
the culture and the naked inhabitants.

There, to escape every human consortium,
rejoined with his servants to make his arts,
And he lived, and left his body in vain.

The men who came back were scattered
they welcomed themselves to that place, which was strong
for the pantan that he had on all sides.

Fer the city over the dead bones.
and for the one who was the first select,
Mantüa the call sanz' other fate.

Already out of his people in more often,
before the mattia from Casalodi
from Pinamonte deception received.

But I agree that if you ever hate
to originate my land otherwise,
the truth nothing lies fraud.”

And I said, “Master, your reasoning
I am certain, and they take my faith,
that the others sarien me off coals.

But tell me, of the people proceedinging,
if you see any worthy of note;
For only to this my mind refuses.”

Then he said to me, “That which gives the gota
puts his beard up his brown shoulders,
was—when Greece was of males vòta,

so that it may be painful for the wedges,
wishes, and gave the point with Calcanta
in Aulide to cut the first rope.

Eurypilus was named, and so he sings
my high tragedy in any place:
Well, you know that you know the whole thing.

The other one that in the hips is so little,
Michele Scotto was, that really
of the magic fraud knew the game.

See Guido Bonatti; see Asdent,
that he understood the leather and the twine
now would like, but later he repents.

You see the sad ones who left the needle,
the spindle and the spindle, and became divine;
fecer malie with herbs and with imago.

But now he comes, because he already holds the border
d'amendue them emisperi and touches the wave
under Sobilia Cain and thorns;

And already last night was the round moon:
well ten to remember, lest thou knoweth not
no time for the founding forest.”

Yes, he talked to me, and we went introcque.