That color that cowardice out of me
seeing my duke come back at a time,
tougher inside his new ristrinse.

He stopped as he listened.
that the eye could not carry for a long time
for the black air and for the thick fog.

“But it will be for us to win the punge,”
began el, “if not. Such he offered himself.
Oh how late it is for me that others come here!”

I saw him as well as he covered
I start with the other one who came after,
that fur words to the first different;

but nevertheless fear his dienne,
for I drew the word truncated
Maybe the worst judgment he didn't keep.

“In this background of the sad basin
ever descends any of the first degree,
What is the only pain of hope?”

This question asked me; and those “Seldom
meets,” he replied, “that of us
make no way to which I go.

Ver is that another fïata down here I was,
conspiracy from that raw Eritón
that recalled the shadows to the bodies on.

Little was the naked flesh of me,
which she brought me into that wall;
to draw a breath from it from the circle of Judah.

That's the lowest spot and the darkest.
It is the farthest from heaven that all revolves:
I know the path; but it makes you sure.

This swamp that the big stink blows
swans around the sorrowful city,
We could not incur any holy wrath.”

And more he said, but I have not in mind;
But that the eye had drawn me all
The high tower will be at the top of the rock,

where in a spot furon straight rat
three infernal furïe of dyed blood,
that female limbs avien and act,

And with the most green hydra they were surrounded;
serpentels and waxed avien for creas,
so that the fair temples were captivated.

And those, who knew well the petty ones
of the queen of the weeping eternal,
“Look,” he told me, “the fierce Erine.

This is Megera from the sinister chant;
the one who weeps from the right hand is Aletto;
Tesifón is in the middle”; and he was so silent.

With the nail, each of the chest is cleaved;
And they cried with palms, and cried so high,
I held myself to the poet for suspicion.

“Vegna Medusa: yes 'l do of glaze”,
they said all concerning the law;
“We did not sell the assault in Thesyo.”

“Turn around and keep your face closed.
for if Gorgón shows up and you see it,
nothing would be to ever come back.”

Thus saith the master; and they themselves
And he turned to me, and held not in my hands,
that with yours I still wouldn't close me.

O you who have healthy nettes,
aim the doctrine that ascondes
under the veil of strange verses.

And already came up in the turbid waves
a noise of a sound, full of fright,
for which they trembled on the shores.

not otherwise done that of a wind
impetuous for them adverse ards,
that filler the forest and sanz' no rewarding

them crashes branches, knocks down and holds holes;
dusty front goes superble,
and flee the fairs and shepherds.

And his eyes melted me, and said, “Now hard the nerve
of the face up to that ancient foam
whence we were more unripe.”

Like the frogs before the nimics
snake for the water go away all,
As long as the earth is bound to each one;

I saw more than a thousand souls destroyed
to flee so in front of a that in step
passed Styx with dry plants.

From his face he removed that fat air,
leading the left forward often;
and the sun of that lonely parea anguish.

I knew well that he was from heaven in messed,
and turned me to the master; and those signs
That I would bow to it.

Oh, how much I think I'm full of disdain!
He came to the door and with a rod
He opened it, and there was no restraint.

“O cast out of heaven, people displease,”
He began up the horrible threshold,
“does this outrage in you appease?

Why recalcitrate to that birthmark
to whom the fins can never be severed,
and who has grown you many times in pain?

What good is it for the fairies to make a muddle?
Your Cerberus, if it reminds you right,
He still wears his chin and his goiter bald.”

Then he turned on the street lorda,
And he did not motto us, but he was semblant
of man whose other care string and bites

that of him who is before them;
And we moved our feet and turned the earth,
safe following the holy words.

Within them, we found no war;
and I, who had to do with this
the condition that such a fortress will green,

as I was inside, the eye around I send:
and I see to every man great country,
full of grief and torment rio.

As in Arli, where Rhône waters,
as in Pula, near the Carnaro
that Italy closes and its terms bath,

make the sepulcri all the place vary,
So they did there in every part,
except that the way there was more bitter;

And there were flames between them.
for which they were altogether kind,
that iron no longer asks for art.

All their lids were sighted.
and out of it came so hard lamenting,
that they were very miserable and offended.

And I said, “Master, what are those people?
that, buried inside by that archae,
Do you hear with the sorrowful sighs?”

And those to me: “Here are the eresïarche
with their followers, of all sects, and much
more than you don't believe are the Carche graves.

Similar here with similar is buried,
and warnings are warmer and warmer.”
And when it came to the right hand, it was done.

We passed through the Martyrs and spread them high.