The mouth lifted from the proud meal
that sinner, forging her to the hair
of the head that he had in the back faulty.

Then he began, “You want me to renew
desperate sorrow that my heart presses me
Even though I think, before I do.

But if my words be given seed
which will bring infamy to the betrayal that rhodo,
speak and tear together you will see.

I don't know who you are or how
came down here; but Florentine
You really seem to me when I hear you.

You know that I was Count Ugolino.
and this is Archbishop Ruggieri:
I will tell you why I am so close.

That by the effect of his never thought,
trusting him I was taken
And when he died, to say it is not a profession;

but what you cannot understand.
that is, how my death was crude,
You will hear, and you will know he has offended me.

Short pertugio inside from la Muda,
which for me has the title of fame,
and that it is still better that others should be closed,

He had shown me by his foramen
more moons already, when I did “sleep sickness”
that of the future ripped off the veils.

This seemed to me teacher and woman,
hunting the wolf and 'lupicini to the mountain
for that the Pisan see Lucca does not ponno.

With skinny, studyous and Count dogs
Gualandi with Sismondi and Lanfranchi
He had set himself before his forehead.

In small course I parieno tired
the father and 'children, and with agute scane
I seem to see them fender their hips.

When I was awakened before the day,
weeping hear in 'sleep my children
which were with me, and gave bread.

He is cruel, if you do not already grieve
thinking what my heart was proclaimed;
And if you do not weep, what will weep soils?

They were already awake, and the hour came near.
that food can only be given to it,
and by his dream every one doubted;

and I heard the door bolted downstairs
to the horrible tower; and I looked
In the face of my sons, I don't have a motto.

I did not weep, yea, inside I impetuous:
he wept; and Anselmuccio my
He said, 'You look yes, Father! What have you got?”

Therefore I never tears nor remarried.
all that day, nor the next night,
that the other one in the world went out.

As a little ray he was set
in the painful prison, and I pass
for four faces my own appearance,

both hands of pain bitten me;
and he, thinking that I'm foolish for willingness
of manicar, of sobito levorsi

And said, Father, there is much less pain for us.
if you eat of us: you dress
these meager flesh, and thou bare them.

That's why I don't make them sad anymore;
say and the other we were all dumb;
Oh, hard earth, why didn't you open up?

Then we were in the fourth day come,
Gaddo threw me down on his feet,
saying, My Father, that he may not help me?

There he died; and as thou seest me,
I saw I fall them three to one by one
between the fifth day and the sixth day; and I gave myself;

already blind, to grope over each other,
And two days I called them, then they were dead.
Poscia, more than 'pain, could fasting”.

When he said this, with wrongful eyes
resumed the skull with his teeth,
that I give to the bone, like a dog, strong.

Ahi Pisa, rebellion of the people
of the beautiful country where yes sounded
then that the neighbors to punish thee are sluggish,

move the Capraia and Gorgona,
and make a hedge to Arno up the fire;
That he may annihilate every person in thee.

That if Count Ugolino had a voice
that he betrayed thee from the castle,
I had not to put the sons to such a cross.

Innocents made a new age.
novel Thebes, Ugikcione and the Brigade
and the other two that the song suso appeals.

We passed over, there've the frost
roughly another people swaddle,
not turn down, but all poured out.

I cry itself there crying does not leave,
It is the duel that comes up with the eyes of the stumbling,
he turns inward to make the ambascia grow;

for the first tears are group,
and yes as crystal visors,
Rïempion under the eyelash all over the cup.

And he perceives that, as if of a callus,
for the coldness each feeling
ceased to have of my face stable,

I already felt quite wind;
For that I: “My master, who moves this?
Is there not any steam down here?”

Ond' elli to me: “Come on, you will be where
of this will make your eye the answer,
seeing the cause that the breath is raining.”

And a sad de' of the cold crust
cried to us, “O cruel souls
so much so that date there is the last post,

Get the hard ships out of my face.
so that I may bring out the pain that my heart soaks me,
a little, before the weeping gets cold.”

For that I to him: “If you want me to overwhelm you,
Tell me who you are, and if I do not deal with you,
to the bottom of the ice to meet me.”

And he said, “I am Friar Alberigo;
I am the fruit of ill-orthos,
that here I take a date for cool”.

“Oh,” he said, “Now if thou still be dead?”
And he to me: “How is my body stea
in the world up, nothing scïenza port.

Cotal advantage has this Ptolomea,
that thick times the soul falls there
before Atropos moved the goddesses.

And because you more willingly shave me
the gleaming tears from the face,
know that, badly that soul trade

as he did, his body is taken away from him
by a devil, who governs
while his time is all over.

She ruins in a tanker;
and maybe it still seems the body suso
of the shadow behind me.

Thou know, if thou come to pass:
elli is ser Branca Doria, and they are more years
And after that he was enclosed.

“I believe,” he said, “that thou deceive me;
because Branca Doria did not die anywhere,
And he eats and bees, and sleeps and cloths.

“In the ditch up,” said el, “de' Malebranche,
where the tenacious sheep boils,
Michel Zanche hadn't arrived yet.

that these left the devil in his stead
in his body, and one of his neighbors
that betrayal together with him did.

But lay down your hand today;
open them eyes to me.” And I did not open it to him;
and courtesy was he to be rude.

Ow Genoese, different men
of every custom and full of all magagna,
why aren't you in the world lost?

Because with the worst spirit of Romagna
I found of you such that for his work
in soul in Cocito already gets bathed,

and in his body seems alive even above.