Who porishes with loose words
say of the blood and the sores to full
What I saw now, to narrate several times?

Every language for sure will be less
for our sermon and for the mind
have so much to understand little breasts.

S'el s'aunasse still all the people
that already, up the lucky earth
of Puglia, it was of his sorrowful blood

for the Trojans and for the long war
that of the ring made such high stripes,
as Livïo writes, which is not mistaken,

with what I feel of strikes in labor
to count to Ruberto Guiscardo;
and the other whose bones are still welcome

in Ceperan, where he was a liar
every Apulian, and there from Tagliacozzo,
where sanz' armor won the old Alardo;

and what pierced its member and what hub
would show, d'aequar would be nothing
the way of the ninth sock.

He's already watching, for half to lose or lulla,
as I saw a, so it is not pertuated,
broken by the chin infin where it trulla.

Between the legs hung the minugia;
the corata seemed and the sad sack
What crap does he do with what he shakes.

While I see everything in him, I attach myself to him,
and with his hands opened his chest.
Saying, Now see how I am torn away.

see how crippled Mäometto is!
Before me there is crying Ali.
dumb in the face from the chin to the tuft.

And everyone else you see here,
seminator of scandal and schism
but they are so fools.

A devil is back here that no excism
Yes cruelly, at the cutting of the sword
returning each of this ream,

when we had turned the sorrowful road;
but that the wounds are closed
before others come to them again.

But you who 'n 'n on the rock museums,
perhaps to linger of wrath at punishment
What is your accusations judged up?

“Neither death came to him yet, nor guilt him”,
My teacher answered, “to torment him;
but to give him full experience,

to me, who died I am, must behave him
for the 'nferno down here from around;
and this is true as I speak to you.”

More than a hundred than, when I hear,
they stopped in the ditch to concern me
by marvel, oblying the martyr.

“Now tell Brother Dolcin therefore that he should arm himself;
you who may see the sun in a short time,
If he doesn't want to follow me here badly.

yes of food, what a snow crush
do not bring victory to the Noarese,
Who else to buy is not levers.”

Then that the one foot to swirl suspended,
Mäometto said this word to me;
Then he stretched him out to the earth.

Another, who pierced his throat
and trunk the nose infin under the eyelashes,
And he had only one ear,

rested to concern by maraviglia
with others, before others he opened the reed;
which was out of all vermily,

And he said, “O you whose guilt does not condemn
and whom I saw on the Latin earth,
if too much similarity does not deceive me,

remembrances of Pier da Medicina,
if you ever come back to see the sweet plan
and from Vercelli to Marcabò dichina.

And let the two know best from Fano.
to Messer Guido and also to Angiolello,
that, if the antiveder here is not in vain,

range shall be out of their pottery
and mazzerati at La Cattolica
for the betrayal of a fello tyrant.

Between the island of Cipri and Majolica
he never saw such a great foul Neptune;
Not by pirates, not by argolic people.

That traitor he sees with one.
and keep the earth that such here with me
would like to see fasting,

will bring them to parliament with you;
Then he will do that to the wind of Focara
It shall not be their vows nor prechess.

And I said to him, “Show me and declare,
If you want me to bring them up of you, you know?
Who is he of the bitter sight.”

Then take the hand to the jaw
of his companion, and his mouth opened them,
shouting, “This is true, and it is not a fairy tale.

These, driven out, the submerged doubt
in Caesar, stating that the provided
always with damage to the waiters suffered.”

Oh how astonished I thought
with the tongue cut out it chokes it
Curío, who, to say, was so bold!

And one who had the one hand and the other severed,
raising the stumps by the dark aura,
so that the blood made a filthy face.

cried, “He will remember you also of Moscow,
that he said, lasso! , ``Chief has what done”,
which was a bad seed for the Tosca people.”

And I said to them, “And death of your slap.”
For that he, accumulating duol with sorrow;
sen gio as a sad and mad person.

But I stayed to look at the mate,
And I saw what I would be fear,
no more proof, to count it alone;

except that knowledge assures me,
the good company that man franchises
under the asberk of feeling pure.

I saw certainly, and yet I saw the face.
a bust without head go yes as
There were others from the sad crude flock;

and the head of the trunk teneus for the cloes,
pesol with a lantern hand:
And he looked for us, and said, Oh me.

Of himself he made to himself a skylight,
And they were two in one, and one in two;
How can he be, he knows that he governs.

When right to the foot of the bridge was,
lifted his arm high with his whole head
to bring forth his words,

And I said, “Now you see the punishment of harassment;
You who, spiring, go to see the dead:
see if none is as big as this.

And that thou warn me of me,
know that I'm Bertram from Bornio, those
which I gave to the young king the mas comfort.

I made the father and the son himself rebels;
Achitophel no longer made of Absalon
and David with the evil punches.

Because I departed so that people came.
party I carry my brain, lasso! ,
from its beginning, which is in this trunk.

Thus it is observed in me against him.”