At the return of the mind, that closed
before the pity of the two sisters,
that with sorrow everything confuses me,

novi torments and novi tormented
I see myself around, as I move myself
and that I turn, and as I wander.

I am in the third circle, de la rain
Etterna, maladetta, cold and greve;
rule and quality never is nova.

Coarse hail, dyed water and snow
by the dark air is poured out;
pute the earth that it receives.

Cerberus, cruel and different fair,
with three caninally latra gorges
over the people that are submerged there.

The eyes have vermilion, the beard greasy and ates,
and the wide belly, and clasp your hands;
Scratches them spirits and iscoia and isquatra.

Screaming makes them rain like dogs;
of one of the sides make to the other screen;
often turned the poor laymen.

When Cerberus, the great worm saw us,
the mouths open, and show us the sanne;
He had no member to hold still.

It is my Duke stretched out his wastes,
took the earth, and with full fists
threw it into the eager reeds.

What is that dog that barking coves,
and then it becomes regrettable that the meal bites
For only to devour him he means and punches;

cotai you make those gross faces
of the devil Cerberus, who 'ntrona
Even the soul would want to be deaf.

We went up through the shadows that adona
the heavy rain, and ponavam the plants
over their vanity, who is a person.

She lay on the ground all the time,
out of one who stood up, rat
that she saw us passing by.

“O you who is for this 'nferno trait”,
he said, “Recognize me, if you know,
You were, before I undone, done.”

And I said to him: “The anguish that thou hast
maybe he pulls you out of my mind,
I don't think I ever saw you.

But tell me who you are' that 'n so sore
you put yourself on, and you have made it miserable.
that, if the other is May, nothing is so sorry.”

And he said unto me: Thy city, which is full
of envy, so that it already overflows the sack;
He kept me in a serene life.

You citizens called me Ciacco.
for the damaging guilt of the throat,
As you see, in the rain I become weak.

And I sad soul am not alone,
for all of these to such punishment are
for the same guilt.” And no longer give a word.

I answered them, “Chess, your distress
It weighs me, that to tears me to live;
but tell me if you know what will come to

the city of the game;
if there is no righteous; and tell me the cause
for that he has so much discord assaulted”.

And those to me: “After long tencione
will come to blood, and the wild part
will hunt the other with a lot of offense.

Then I convien that this caggia
within three suns, and that the other surpasses
with the strength of such that it is just down.

High will hold long time the frontiers,
holding the other under heavy weights,
as it weeps or weeps about it.

There are two righteous, and they are not understood.
pride envy and avarice are
the three sparks have hearts lit.”

Here puose end to the lagrimabil sound.
And I said to him, “I still want to tell me.
and that more talk give me a gift.

Farinata and the Tegghiaio, which was not worthy.
Iacopo Rusticucci, Arrigo and 'l Moscow
and others that may well make them nightly;

tell me where they are, and let me know them;
because great disio squeezes me to have
if heaven soften them or stop them.”

And they said, He is among the darkest souls.
several faults down burden them to the bottom:
If you go down, you can see them there.

But when you're in the sweet world,
Let the mind of others go to me:
The more I do not tell you, the more I do not answer you.”

Straighten them torse eyes then in disgraceful;
looked at me a little and then bowed his head:
fell with it as the other blind.

It is the Duke said to me: “More is not awakened
this way by the sound of the angelic trumpet,
when the podesta nimic will come:

every one will see the sad tomb.
He shall take his flesh and his figure,
He shall hear what is rumbling in the future.”

Yes, we went through for filthy mixture
of shadows and rain, slow steps,
touching the future life a little;

And I said, Master, this torment
He will grow up after the great judgment,
or will they be so scorching?”

And he to me: “Return to your skill,
who wants, how much the thing is more perfect,
the more you feel the good, and so the pain.

Everything that these bad people
in true perfection never goes away,
more than this to be waited”.

We rode around that road,
Speaking much more than I do not reiterate;
We came to the point where it slows down:

There we found Pluto, the great enemy.