Now he goes for a secret calls,
between the wall of the earth and the martyrs them,
My teacher, and me after my shoulders.

“O supreme virtue, which by the wicked turn
I turned,” I began, “as you like,
Speak to me, and give me to my desicrians.

The people who lie by their graves
could you see? They're already gone.
all the lids, and no face guard.”

And they to me: “Everyone will be locked up
when of Iosaphat here they will come back
with the bodies they left up there.

His cemetery this way have
with Epicurus all his followers,
that the soul with the dead body do.

But to the resign that you make me
fifc' within satisfied will be toast,
And to say that thou shalt shut me up.

And I said, “Good Duke, I do not hold back.
to you my heart if not for a little say,
And thou hast not made me ready to do it.

“O Tosco who for the city of the fire
live ten you go so talking honest,
Like staying in this place.

Your talkative makes you manifest
of that nobyl native patry,
which I may have been too harassed.”

Sudently this sound came out
d'una de l'arche; but I approached
fearing, a little more to my Duke.

And he said to me, “Turn around! What are you doing?
You see Farinata that is straight:
From the waist up all you will see it.”

I already had my face in his thick.
and el s'ergea with chest and forehead
like hell had in a great deal of dispute.

And the duke's animous hand and ready
pinser me between the sepulture to him,
saying, Thy words are count.

As I at the foot of his tomb was,
look at me a little, and then, almost disdainy,
And he told me, “Who were you most? “

I, who was to be disobedient.
I did not hide it from him, but I opened it all to him;
And he lifted up his lashes a little in suso;

Then he said, “Proudly they were adversaries
to me and to my first and to my part,
so that for two fïates they scattered.”

“If he is hunted, he shall return from every side,”
I answered him, “the one and the other fïata;
but yours will not learn that art.”

Then surfaced the uncovered sight
a shadow, along this, up to the chin:
I think he was on his knees up.

Around he looked at me, as a talent
had to see if others were with me;
and then that the sospecciar was all extinguished,

weeping said, “If for this blind man
prison go for height of ingenuity.
Where is my son? and why is he not with you?”

And I said to him, “I don't see myself:
He who waits there, for here he brings me
perhaps to which Guido your disdain. '

His words and the way of punishment
They had already read the name of this man;
But it was the answer so full.

He cried out, “How?
did you say “he had”? Has he not lived yet?
Do not show his eyes the sweet light?”

When he saw no abode
which I did before the answer,
supin relapses and no longer appeared pierced.

But that other magnanimous, to which you post
remained me, he did not change appearance,
neither moved his neck, nor bent his coast;

and itself continuing to the first saying,
“S'elli han that art,” he said, “badly learned,
that torments me more than this bed.

But not fifty times it will be rekindled
the face of the woman who holds here,
that you'll know how much that art weighs.

And if you ever in the sweet world,
tell me, because that people are so wicked
Did he meet mine in each of his laws?”

And I said to him: “The pain and the great destruction
that made the Arbia colored in red,
This prayereth to do in our temple.”

And when he sighed his head moved.
“To this was not I alone,” he said, “nor certainly
sanza cagion with the others I would be moved.

But it was me alone, where I suffered
it was for each of us via Fiorenza,
He who defended her with an open face.”

“If you ever rest your seed,”
I pray to him, “Solve me that knot
which has developed my sentence here.

The par that you see, if you know well,
in the face of what the time dictates;
and in the present you hold another way.”

“We veggie, as they have bad light,
things,” he said, “that I am far from them;
So still the high duke shines.

When they are approaching or they are, everything is in vain
our intellect; and if others do not make us,
We know nothing about your human state.

But you can understand that all dead
fia our knowledge from that point
that the door of the future will be closed.”

Then, as of my guilt compact,
I said, “Now therefore ye shall say to the fallen man
that 'his born is with 'still living together;

And if I was, before, to the muted answer,
know that 'l fei because he thought
already in the error that you have solved to me.”

And already my master called me back;
for that I prayed for the longest spirit
to tell me who's with him.

He said, “Here with more than a thousand beds:
in here is the second Federico
and the Cardinal; and I am silent about the others”.

And I wreaked the old one
poet I took my steps, rethinking
to the talk that seemed to me to be an enemy.

Elli moved; and then, thus going,
He said to me, Why are you so lost?
And I knew them when he died.

“Let your mind keep what you hear
thou hast against thee,” the wise man commanded me;
“and now wait here,” and raised his finger:

“when you are before the sweet ray
of the one whose beautiful eye sees,
from her you will know the life of your life.”

Then he moved his foot to the left hand:
we left the wall and gimmo inverted the middle
for a path that is in a valley that is trust,

that up there he was sorry for his lezzo.