He was already on site, so he heard the rumble
of the water that falls in the other row,
similar to what the hives make rumbling,

when three shadows go together,
running, of a torma passing by
in the rain of the bitter martyr.

Venian came to us, and each one cried out:
“It is thou that thou seemeth the garment
to be none of our land prava.”

Alas, what plagues I saw in their members,
and old, from the flames incense!
Even less distressing, even though I am members of it.

At their cries my doctor waited;
turned his face to me, and “Now wait,”
he said, “Consequently, you want to be kind.

What if it wasn't the fire that lightning
the nature of the site, I would say
that it was better for you than for them to rush.”

To start again, as we stayed, and
the ancient verse; and when unto us were come,
All three of them have a turn of themselves.

What do the fields make naked and greasy?
Warning their grip and their advantage,
before they are beaten and points,

so rotating, each visage
stood up to me so I 'n oppose my neck
He was on the feet of my life.

And “If misery of this place sollo
renders us and our prieghi in spite,”
began the one, “it's the dyed appearance and broll,

our fame your soul fold
to tell who you are, that the living feet
So safe for the nferno freghi.

These, the footsteps to beat you see me,
all that naked and dibald goes,
was higher than you did not believe:

nepote was of the good Gualdrada;
Guido Guerra was named, and in his life
He did with his wisdom and with his sword.

The other one, who follows me, is crushed;
is Tegghiaio Aldobrandi, whose voice
in the world above must be appreciated.

And I, what place am I with them on the cross,
Iacopo Rusticucci was, and of course
The proud wife harms me more than anything.”

If I had been from the covered field,
range I would be among them down,
and I believe that Doctor will have suffered;

But because I would have browned myself and cooked;
won fear my good will
that hugging them made me gluttony.

Then I began, “I do not spite, but I do grieve.
your condition inside staring at me,
so much so that late everything is laid out,

tough that this signor of mine told me
words for which I thought I was
that as you are, such people should come.

Of your land I am, and always never
the ovra of you and honored them names
with affection I retracted and listened.

I leave the fele and go for sweet pomi
Promised to me for the true duke;
but 'ntill the center pria convien ch' i 'tomi”.

“If long the soul leads
Thine members,” answered them again.
“and if your fame after you,

courtesy and value of whether he dwells
in our city as soils,
or if she has gone out of it altogether;

for Guiglielmo Borsiere, who grieved
with us for a short time and goes there with companions,
He is very angry with it in his words.”

“The new people and the survivors earn
pride and disproportionality have begated,
Fiorenza, in you, so that you already weep.”

So I cried with my face lifted up;
and the three, which may be understood by answer,
To look at each other as to see you.

“If the other times so little costs you,”
replying all, “the satisfaction of others,
happy you if yes you speak in your mail!

But if fields of these dark places
and come back to see the beautiful stars,
when it will help you to say I was,”

do that of us to the people favelle”.
Then break the wheel, and flee
wings sembiar their legs isnelle.

An amen could not be said
as hard as it is gone;
for that the master seemed to leave.

I followed him, and we were little.
that the sound of the water was so close,
that we would be fearless to hear to speak.

Like that river has its own path
first from Mount Viso 'nver' levant,
from the left coast of Apennino,

which is called Acquacheta suso, avante
that splits down into the lower bed,
and in Forlì of that name is vacant,

rumble there over St. Benedict
de l'Alpe to fall to a downhill
where he should be recited for a thousand;

So, down from a broken steep,
We found resonating that dyed water,
So that a little while now his ear will be offended.

I had a rope around the gird,
and with it I thought at any time
take the loin to the painted skin.

As soon as I had it all from me unleaved,
as the Duke commanded me,
put it to him, grounded and shrouded.

And he turned to the right side,
and rather far from the shore
He dropped it in that high burrato.

`It is still convien that novelty answers',
says among me medesmo, `to the new nod
that the master with the eye is second.

How cautious are men to be dienno
by the color that does not see the ovra,
but for within the thoughts miran with hindsight!

El said to me, “He will soon come over.
that which I await, and which thy thoughts dream;
It will be hard for your face to be found.”

There is always a face of a lie to that ver,
Let him close his lips as long as he can.
But that without guilt is ashamed;

but here I can't be silent; and for the notes
of this comedy, reader, I swear to you,
If she is not of long grace I go,

that I saw him in that big and dark air
to come by noticing a figure in suso,
marvellous to every sure heart;

yes as the one who goes giuso comes back
sometimes to solver the anchor that clings
or rock or anything that in the sea is closed,

That he stretches out and shudder from the foot.