A medesma tongue before bitten me,
so that he dyed my cheek and my cheek,
and then the medicine put me back;

so od' I who solea to make the spear
of Achilles and his father to be a cause
first sad and then good tip.

We gave the bump to the poor valley
up the ripa that surrounds it,
going through no sermon.

There was less than night and less day,
so that my face went before me.
but I heard a high horn sounding.

so much that every thunder would have flicked,
who, against himself his way following,
directed my eyes all to a spot.

After the painful course, when
Charlemagne lost the holy gesture,
did not sound so terribly Orlando.

A little while I brought my head in there.
which seemed to me to see many high towers;
I said, “Master, say, what land is this?”

And he to me: “But let you spend
for the darkness too far from the long,
starts that then in the maginare you aborate.

You will see well, if you join there,
how much sense is deceived from afar;
But the more you stink yourself.”

Then he carelessly took me by the hand
And he said, “Before we are farther,
The fact that you don't feel strange about it.

Know that they are not towers, but giganties,
and they are in the well around by the ripa
from the umbilical merged all of them”.

Like when the fog dissipates,
the look little by little depicts
what conceals the vapor that aere stips,

so puncturing the coarse and dark aura,
more and more approaching the shore;
flee me error and grow up fear;

but that, as on the round circle
Montereggion of towers is crowned,
so the mighty that the well surrounds

towering of half the person
them horrible giants, which threatens
Jupiter of the sky still when it thunders.

And I saw the face of anyone.
the shoulders and the chest and the belly much part,
and by the coasts down both arms.

Nature sure, when he left art
of yes made animals, very well done
to make such teachers to Mars.

And if she is of elephants and whales
does not repent, he who looks thinly,
more just and more discreet keeps it;

because where the argument of the mind
is added to the evil will and to the may,
No shelter can be made by people.

His face seemed long and big to me
like the pina of St. Peter in Rome,
and in its proportion were the other bones;

so that the ripa, which was a thong
from the middle down he showed a lot of
of overwhelming, that of jugnere at the head of hair

three Frison s'averien misboasting;
But he saw him thirty great palms
from the site down where homo affibbles the mantle.

'Raphèl maì amècche zabì almi',
began to shout the proud mouth,
to which you do not agree more sweet psalms.

It is my duke ver' he: “Silly soul.
hold with the horn, and with that it unfels you
When wrath or other passion touches you!

Cércati around your neck, and you will find the dream
which is bound to him, O confused soul.
and see him that the great chest doth thee.”

And he said unto me, They themselves accuse themselves.
these is Nembrotto for whose poorly coto
Even if language is not used in the world.

Leave him alone, and we do not speak to you.
for so is to him every language
as 'his to others', who is known to nothing. '

So We had longer journey,
go to the left; and at the turn of a crossbow
We found the other one much more fiery and May.

To cigner he as the teacher,
I don't know I say but el tenea soccinto
front of each other and behind the right arm

of a chain that the tenea won
from the neck down yeah that 'n up the discovered
he ravvolgëa inuntil lap five.

“This superb wanted to be expert
of his power against the great Jupiter,”
said, “My Duke, “so he hath this place.

Fïalte has his name, and he made the great tests
when giants fear the gods;
the arms that have never moved before.”

And I said to him, “If it may be, I would like to
that of the immeasurable Brïareo
experience having my eyes.”

And he said, “Thou shalt see Anteus
where he speaks and is dissolved,
who will put it in the fund of all the offenders.

What you wanted to see, the more there is much
and is bound and done like this,
Except that more fierce par in the face.”

There was no trembling already so stealing.
that shook such a strong tower,
as Fïalte was soon to shake.

Then I feared death more than ever.
and there was no job more than the doctrine,
If I hadn't seen the twists.

We proceeded further to that,
And we came to Anteus, who were five at all,
without his head, go out of the cave.

“O thou who in the fortunate valley
who made Scipion of glory red,
When Anibal gave his back with him.

You have already made a thousand leons for prey.
and that if I had been to the high war
of your brethren, yet it seems to be believed

who would have overcome the children of the earth:
put them down, and you don't stay away,
where Cocito the cold greenhouse.

Don't make us laugh at Tizio or Tifus.
he can give of what is sought here;
But lean down and don't twist the griffle.

Still can you in the world make you fame,
that he lives, and long life still waits
if “in time grace to himself does not call”.

So said the master; and those in haste
the hands stretched out, and took my duke,
wave of Hercule felt already great hold.

Virgil, when I take it I feel,
He said to me, “Come here, that I may take thee. “
And he caused him and I to be a bundle.

What seems to be about the Charisenda
under the bow, when a cloud goes
over it yea, and the meeting hangs:

such appeared Anteo to me who was at bay
to see him bend down, and it was so now
I wanted to go another way.

But slightly to the bottom that devours
Lucifer and Judah married us;
Nor, even bowed down, he dwelt therein;

And he arose as a tree in a ship.