It was the spot ov' to descend the shore
We came, Alpine, and for that which we were also,
so that every sight would be dodgy.

What is that ruin that in the side
this way from Trento the Adice beaten
or for trembling or support missed,

that from the top of the mountain, waves wavered,
on the floor is yes the rock,
that no way would give to whoever is above:

of that burrato was the descendant;
and 'n on the tip of the broken lacquer
the infamïa of Crete was stretched out

which was conceived in the false cow;
and when he saw us, he bitted,
as those whose wrath inside sluggish.

My wise man wreath he cried, “Perhaps
You believe that here is the Duke of Athens,
that up in the world death gave you?

Pártiti, beast, for these not veins
taught by your sister,
but go to see your sorrows.”

What is that bull that unravels in that
has already received the deadly knock,
that he doesn't know, but here and there he jumps.

I saw the Minotaur do cotal;
And the wise one cried, “Run to the gate;
But it is good for you to fall down.

So we took off the waste.
of those stones, which often move
under my feet for the novo carco.

I already thought; and he said, Thou think,
perhaps to this ruin, which is seen
from that bestial wrath which I have now extinguished.

Now I want you to know that the other fïata
that I descended down here into the lower hell,
this rock was not yet waterfall.

But certainly a little earlier, if we discern right,
to come the one who the great prey
rose to Dite of the supernal circle,

from all sides the high valley feda
trembled, yes, that I thought that the universe
felt love for which is who believe

several times the world in conversation;
and at that point this old rock,
Here, and elsewhere, he reversed.

But he shines his eyes downstream, so that he approaches
the Riviera of blood in which it boils
which by viciousness in others hazelnut.”

Oh blind greed and mad wrath
so that we may be spurred in the short life,
and the eternal then yes badly immolle ci!

I saw a wide pit in a cake,
like the one that the whole plan embraces.
As he had said my escort;

and between 'l piè de la ripa and it, on track
corrien centaurs, armed with lightning lights,
as solien in the world go hunting.

Watching us down, each restette,
and of the row three departing
with bows and rods first elected;

and the one cried from a long time, “To what a martyr
Do you come down the coast?
Ditel costinci; if not, the bow throw”.

My teacher said, “The answer
We will do in Chirón cost by:
Your desire was always so badly.”

And he tempted me, and said, This is Nesso,
who died for the beautiful Deianira,
and make his own vengeance.

And the one in the middle, which is looking at the chest:
is the great Chirón, who knotted Achilles;
The other is Folo, who was so full of anger.

Around the ditch they go a thousand to thousand,
thundering what soul soars up
more than his guilt sortille.”

We approached those fairs isnelle:
Chirón took a strale, and with the chick
shaved in the back of his jaws.

When the great mouth,
He said to his companions, “Are ye wise?
that retro move what 'el touches?

So they will not make the feet of the dead.”
He is my good Duke, who was already there in his chest,
where the two natures are consortium,

said, “Ben is alive, and yes alone
to show them to me the dark valley.
necessity of us, and not delight.

So he set off to sing hallelujah
who committed me this new office:
He is not a thief, nor am I a soul.

But because of that virtue for which I move
pass them my way so wild way,
Give one of your own, to whom we are to test,

and that you show it where you way,
and bring this man up the rump;
For it is not spirit that the air should go.”

Chirón turned up his stern right,
And he said unto Nesso, Return, and guide them,
And let him see the other side of it.”

Now we moved with the trusted escort
along the proda of the vermilion boiler,
where the boiled meats make high screams.

I saw people under the edge.
And the great centaur said, “These are tyrants.
that was in the blood, and that it had in mind.

There they mourn them ruthless damage;
there is Alexander, and Donisius fero
who made Cicilia have painful years.

And that forehead is so black.
is Azzolino; and the other one who is blonde,
is Opizzo from Esti, which for real

was extinguished by his stepson up in the world.”
Then I turned to the poet, and he said,
“Let this be thee first, and I second.”

A little further beyond the centaur stood
over' a people who 'ntill the throat
that bulicame came out of it.

Show us a shadow from one sing,
Saying, “He slapped in the womb of God
I have the heart that 'n Tamisi still dries. '

Then I saw people out of the river
They held their heads, and the whole casso;
And of them I knew very much.

So more and more you get low
that blood, so that he may take his feet;
and therefore it was our step of the ditch.

“Yes as you on this side see
the bulicame that always gets dumb,”
said the centaur, “I want you to believe

that from this other to further down press
his bottom, infin that he reaches
where tyranny must be groaned.

The divine justice here stings
that Attila who was a scourge on earth,
and Pyrrhus and Sixth; and in the eternity milking

the tears, which with the boil desert,
to Rinier of Corneto, to Rinier Crazy.
who made a lot of war on the streets.”

Then he turned around and I went over the gouache.