`For me one goes into the sorrowful city,
for me one goes into the eternal sorrow,
for me it goes among the lost people.

Justice moved my high factor;
made me the divine podestate,
the supreme knowledge and the first love.

Before me not except created things
if you don't have it, and I'll be hard.
Leave all hope, you who are intruded.

These words of dark color
written on the top of a door;
For that I said, Teacher, their sense is hard to me.

And he to me, as a knowledgeful person:
“Here we must leave all suspicion;
Every cowardice must be dead here.

We came to the site where I told you
that you will see painful people
they have lost us the well of the intellect.”

And then that his hand to my puose
With a happy face, I comfort myself.
He put me in secret things.

There sighs, tears and high woes
resonated for the air without stars,
that I would tears of it at the beginning.

Different languages, horrible fairy tales,
words of pain, accents of ira,
high and dim voices, and the sound of a man with her

they made a turmoil, which wanders
always in that aura without tinted time,
like sand when turbo spirals.

And I who had an error in his head.
I said, “Master, what is that I hear?
And what people is it that they see in the duel that is overcome?”

And he to me: “This wretched way
tegnon the sad souls of those
to live without famia and without praise.

Muffled I'm with that bad choir
of them angels who were not rebellious
nor fur faithful to God, but out of itself.

Throw them out the heavens, that they may not be more beautiful,
nor does deep hell receive them,
that no glory should the kings have of them.

And I said, “Master, who is so greedy
to them, what makes them so strong to complain?
He said, “Very short.

These have no hope of death,
and their blind life is so low,
that they are in every other way.

Renown of them the world to be not lavish;
mercy and righteousness disdain them:
We have no reason for them, but look and pass.”

And I, as far as I was concerned, saw a
who ran so much rat,
who seems to me unworthy of every pose;

and behind her come yes long treats
of people, which I would not have believed
that death had defeated so much.

As soon as I had no acknowledged you,
I saw and I knew the shadow of him
who made for viltade the great rejection.

Incontanente understood and certain I was
that this was the cult of the wicked,
to God sorry and to enemies on.

These sluggish ones, who never do live,
were naked and stimulated a lot of
of flies and wasps that were there.

Elle gave them blood their face,
that, mixed with tears, at their feet
from annoying worms was stuffed.

And when I looked beyond, I gave myself,
I saw people by the bank of a great river;
that I said, Master, now grant me

that he may know what they are, and what custom they are
makes her think so ready,
as I discern by the dim light.”

And he to me: “Things you fier count
when we stop them our steps
on the sad Riviera d'Acheronte”.

Then with their shameful and shameful eyes,
fearing not my saying to them was serious,
until the river of speaking I brought myself.

And behold, to us come by ship
an old, white for old hair,
shouting, “Woe to you, prave souls!

Never hope to see heaven:
I see to take you to the other shore
in the eternal darkness, in heat and in frost.

And you who were, a living soul.
let them be that they are dead.
But when he saw that I did not leave me,

He said, “By another way, by other ports
you will come to the beach, not here, to pass:
lighter wood convien that you carry.”

It is the Duke he: “Caron, do not worry yourself:
you want so there where you can
what is desired, and no longer dimander.”

Quinci out of quete the wooly goat
to the nocchier of the marsh bruise,
That I came back to my eyes had rote flames.

But that soul, which were loose and bare,
change the color and disagree the teeth,
rat that 'nteser the raw words.

They blasphemed God and their relatives,
the human spices and the place and the time and the seed
of their seed, and of their birth.

Then he retracted all of them together,
loud crying, to the evil shore
that awaits every man whom God fears not.

Caron dimonio, with eyes of bragia
hinting to them, he collects them all;
He beats with the oar whatever he sits.

As in autumn the leaves are lifted
one after the other, until the branch
He sees to the earth all his spoils,

similarly the evil seed of Adam
gittansi of that quarrel one by one,
for nods like augel for his call.

So they go up the brown wave,
And on that side he descended down,
Even in this new row s'auna.

“My son,” said the courteous teacher,
“those who die in the wrath of God
all congregations here in every country;

and ready to go through the rius,
that divine righteousness spurs them,
so that the theme turned into disio.

Quinci never passes a good soul;
But if Caron mourns about you,
well you can know now that his voice sounds.”

Once this is over, the dark countryside
trembled so hard, that of the fright
the mind of sweat still wet me.

The tearful land gave wind,
that flashed a light vermilia
which overcame me every feeling;

And I fell as the man whose sleep takes.