In the end of his words the thief
his hands lifted up with his figs,
shouting, “Take away, God, that I will take them away.”

From now on, my friend was out of snakes.
For one was wrapped around them at the neck,
as he said, “I will not but say more. “

and another in my arms, and I detect,
reaffirming itself yes in the means,
that he could not with them bring a collapse.

Ow Pistoia, Pistoia, that you do not stand
to incinerate you so that you do not harsh,
then what 'n poorly do the seed your leftovers?

For all dark circles of l'nferno
I saw no spirit in God so proud.
not the one that fell to Thebes down gives walls.

El fled, and he spoke no more verb;
and I saw a centaur full of anger
to come calling, 'Where is it, where is the unripe? '

Maremma did not believe that he had so many.
how many bumps he had up his croup
where our lage begins.

Over the shoulders, behind the cup.
with open wings lay them a dracus;
and that smokes whatever it takes.

My master said, “This is Caco,
that, under the rock of Mount Aventino,
of blood made often laco.

He doesn't go with his brothers for a walk.
for the theft that fraudulent did
of the great herd that he had near;

to cease his works white
under the mace of Ercule, which perhaps
He gave him a hundred, and he did not hear them.

While he spoke yes, and el passed,
and three spirits come under us,
that neither I nor my duke noticed;

except when to cry out, “Who are you?” ;
for that our tidings reversed,
And We understood them afterwards.

I did not know them; but he followed,
as they follow in any case,
that the one nomar another conventette,

Saying, Whither is there? ;
That I, that the Duke was attention,
You can put my finger up from my chin to my nose.

If you are now, reader, to believe slow
What I shall say shall not be wondrous.
For I who saw him, with pity I consent.

As I held up the eyelashes in them,
and a snake with six feet throws
before the one, and everything is held to him.

With the foot of the way he wrapped their belly
and with them, his arms were taken;
Then he bowed them, and one and the other cheek;

direct them to the stretched thighs,
and miseli the tail between 'mbedue
and behind for the ren up he thought it.

Ellera barbicata never was
to alber yeah like the horrible fair
for another's limbs screwed up his own.

Then it sticks, like warm wax.
had been, and to mix their color,
Neither one nor the other already seemed what it was:

as it proceeds from the ardor,
for the papyrus suso, a brown color
which is not black yet and the white blackberry.

The other two concerned him, and each
cried, “Omè, Agnel, how you mute!
See that he is neither two nor one.”

There were already two princes who became.
when n'apparver two mixed figures
in one face, where two were lost.

Stopped his arms two of four lists;
thighs with legs and belly and casso
become members that have never been seen.

Every first appearance there was a crush:
two and none the perverse image
parea; and so on with a slow pace.

Like the ramarro under the great firm
of the canicular days, changing sepe,
lightning as if the way crosss,

yes it seemed, coming towards the epe
of the other two, a serpentello igned,
bruise and black as large of pepper;

and that part waves first is taken
our food, to one of them pierced;
Then fell down before him stretched out.

He pierced him, but he said nothing.
In fact, with his feet stopped, he yawned
even as sleep or fever attacked him.

He was the serpent, and he was concerned.
one for the sore and the other for the mouth
Fummavan strong, and we were collided.

Shut up Lucano now where he's touching
of the poor Sabel and of Nasidius,
and wait to hear what is now.

Taste of Cadmo and Aretusa Ovid
for if the one in snake and the one in source
converts poetry, I do not 'nvidio him';

what two natures never in front of
He did not transmute so that he altered the forms
to change their matera were ready.

Together they remarried to tai norm,
that the snake the tail in the gallows slots,
and the wounded tightened his footsteps together.

The legs with the thighs themselves
yes, that 'n little bit the joint
did not make any sign that was perceived.

Take off the tail slutty the figure
that was lost there, and his skin
became soft, and that was hard there.

I saw my arms in my armpits.
and the two feet of the fair, which were short;
as long as they shortened them.

Poscia the feet of the river, together encircled,
they became the member that man hide,
And the poor of his had two ports.

While we were one and the other sail
of new color, and generates 'l
on the one side, and on the other the dipel,

the one arose, and the other fell mercil,
But not twisting the wicked lights,
under which each one changed his face.

That which was straight, the temples came.
and of too much matera that came in there
Let them go out of their ears from the gouty goats;

what he didn't run in behind and he felt
of that overwhelming, he made his nose to the face
and his lips grew as much as agreed.

What lies, the face forward,
and ears them withdraws by the head
as I face the horns of the snail;

and the tongue, which had united and lent
first to speak, it cleaveth, and the forked
and the other closes; and we remained.

The soul that was proud become,
suffulating one flees through the valley,
and the other behind him talking spits.

Then he turned his tidings back them,
And he said to the other, “I want Buoso to run.
As I have done, carpon for this street.

So I saw the seventh ballast
mutate and transmute; and here I apologize
the novelty if fior la pen aborra.

And see that my eyes are confused
were rather and the soul waxed,
not to be able to flee so closed,

That I could not see Puccio Sancato well;
and it was what only, of three comrades
that came before, had not changed;

The other was what you, Gaville, mourn.