“Vexilla regis prodeunt Hell
toward us; but before him he seeks,”
said, 'My master, if you discern it. '

Like when a big fog spirs,
or when our hemisperium notes,
by far a molin that the wind is spinning

To see it seemed to me such a disillusionment;
then by the wind I shrunk back
to my Duke, for there was no other cave.

Already it was, and with fear I put it in the metro,
where the shadows were all covered,
and transparien as a glass fescue.

Others lie; others stand upright;
the one with the head and the one with the plants;
other, as a bow, the face at the foot turns back.

When we were made so forward,
that my master pleased to show me
the creature that had the beautiful appearance,

And he took away from me, and kept me,
“Behold,” saying, “and here is the spot
where you will have your weapons of fortress.”

As I became then ice cream and fire,
I don't write it down, reader, I don't write it.
But that every word would be little.

I did not die, neither remained alive;
think for you today, if you have great ingenuity.
which I became, of one and another deprived.

The mperador of the painful kingdom
from the middle of the chest comes out out of the ice;
and more with a giant I meet meet,

that giants do not fan with their arms:
see nowadays how much to be goddesses that all
that it is so part of it.

S'el was so beautiful as he is now ugly,
and against his farmer raised his eyelashes,
well goddesses from him to make every mourning.

Oh how wonderful it seemed to me
When I saw three faces to his head!
The one before, and that was vermilia;

the other were two, which were added to this
overwhelmed the middle of each shoulder,
and himself at the site of the ridge:

and the right parea between white and yellow;
left to see was such what
And then the Nile is on the other side.

There were two great wings beneath each.
how much you concur to so much bird:
I never saw the sails of the sea.

They had no feathers, but of vispistrello
it was their way; and they fluttered;
So that three winds move from him:

So Cocito everything was freezing.
With six eyes she weeps, and for three minds
dripped the crying and bloody drool.

From every mouth disappears with teeth
a sinner, like a maciulla,
So three of them made so sore.

At that front the bite was nothing
towards the scratching, that sometimes the back
remains of the whole bare skin.

“That soul up there is more pain,”
said the master, “it is Judas Scarito.
that the head has inside and out of his legs.

The other two have the head downstairs.
what hangs from the black man is Brutus:
see how it turns, and does not make a motto! ;

And the other is Cassius, who seems to be a member.
But the night resurrects, and now
It is to leave, for we had seen all things.”

As he pleased him, I wrapped my neck together.
and el takes time and place posts,
and when the wings were opened very kind,

He held himself to the velvety coasts;
of fleece in fleece down descents poscia
between the thick fur and the frosty crusts.

When we were there where the thigh
turns, to point in on the bulk of the anche,
I duke, with fatigue and with distress;

And he turned his head where he had his legs.
And I clung to the skin as om that rises up,
So that 'in hell I thought I'd come back too.

“Very close, and by such ladders”,
said the master, wandering as man uplift,
“coviensi departr from so bad.”

Then he went out of the stone for the sake of a stone
and puose me up the hem to sit;
Then he gave me the clever step.

I looked up and believed to see
Lucifer as I left him,
and see her legs up tender;

and if I became troubled,
big people the think you don't see
what is that point which I had passed.

“Arise up,” said the master, “on his feet:
the way is long and the way is wicked,
and already the sun at half the third is back.”

It was not a palagium walk
there 'v' were but natural burella
who had bad soil and light discomfort.

“Before I from the abyss devote me,
My master,” I said when I was straight.
“to mislead me a little, he tells me:

Where is the ice? and these how thick it is
Yes upside down? and how, in yes a little now,
from evening to mane did the only journey?”

And he to me: “You still imagine
to be beyond the center, where I took myself
for the guilty worm that the world fights.

From there you were as much as I went down.
When I turned around, you passed the point
To whom the burdens are taken from every part.

And if now under the joint hemisperium
which is opposed to that which the great dry
coverchia, and under whose heaviest worn

It was the man who was born, and lived without sin;
you haï your feet up little girl hopes
that the other face makes de la Giudecca.

Here it is from man, when there is evening;
and these, who made it scale,
thick is still yes as it was before.

On this side he fell down from the sky;
and the earth, which leaned before this,
for fear of him making the veil sea,

and came to our hemisperium; and perhaps
to escape he left here loco vòto
the one that came from this side, and above resorted.

Place is there down from remote Belzebub
as much as the tomb stretches,
that not by sight but by sound is known

of a small streams that descends there
by the pit of a stone, which he has rown,
with the course that he wraps, and little hangs.

Duke and I for that ascous path
intrammo to return to the clear world;
and without care to have any rest,

We went up, the first and I second,
so much that I saw him of the beautiful things
that bears heaven, through a round pertuge.

So we went out to see the stars.