Break my high sleep in my head
a great truonus, so that I redeemed myself
as a person who is by force awakened;

and the eye rested around moved,
straight lifted up, and fiso I looked at
to know where I was.

True is that 'n on the mighty I found myself
of the valley of the painful abyss
that nthrone receives endless trouble.

Dark and deep was and nebulous
so much so that, in order to stick his face down,
I discerned nothing to you.

“Now let us descend here down into the blind world,”
began the poet all dead.
“I will be first, and you will be second.”

And I, who realized the color.
I said, “How will I come, if you fear
What soils do I doubt be comforted?”

And he to me: “The anguish of the Gentiles
that I am down here, in my face
that pity you feel by theme.

Let us go, for the long way is suspicious.”
So he set up and so he let me in.
in the first circle that the swans abyss.

There, according to which to listen,
had never cried that of sighs
that the eternal aura made tremble;

this is the case of pain without marry,
which had the troubles, which were many and great;
of infants, and of females, and of viri.

The good teacher to me: “You do not dimander
What spirits are these that thou seest?
Now I want you to know, before you go.

that he sinneth not; and if they have merce,
is not enough, because it is not bber baptism,
which is the door of faith which thou believest;

and was before the Christianit,
do not duly worship God:
And of these cotai I am medesmo.

For those defects, not for any other rio,
lost semo, and so much offended
We shall live in disio without hope.”

Great grief took me in my heart when I 'ntesi,
but that people of great value
I knew that 'n that limbo was suspended.

“Tell me, my master, tell me, Lord,”
I start to want to be certain
of that faith that overcomes every error:

“let any man go out, or by his own merit
or for others, that he might be blessed?”
And those who are my talking cover,

said, “I was new to this state,
when I saw a mighty come,
with a sign of victory crowned.

Draw us the shadow of the first kindred,
of Abel his son and Noah's;
of Moïsè lawyist and ubident;

Abraam patríarch and Davíd king,
Israel with his father and his born
and with Rachel, so much do,

and many others, and blessed them.
And I want you to know that in front of them,
human spirits were not saved.”

We did not let go because he said,
but we passed through the forest however,
the forest, I say, of thick spirits.

Our way wasn't long yet.
this way from sleep, when I saw a fire
that hemisperio of darkness will win.

Far we were still a little,
but not that I did not discern in part
that people would own that place.

“O thou who honors scïenzïa and art,
these who are have so much omance,
that by the way of others he departs them?

And those to me: “The undoubted nomination
that sounds above them in your life,
grazïa buys in heaven, so he advances them.”

Meanwhile, a voice was heard to me:
“Honor the very high poet;
His shadow returns, which was gone.”

Then the voice was left and that,
I saw four great shadows coming to us:
The appearance was neither sad nor happy.

The good master began to say,
“Look at him with that sword in his hand,
who comes before the three as sires:

that is Homer sovereign poet;
the other is Horace satyr that veins;
Ovid is the third, and the last Lucan.

But that each with me agrees
in the name that the voice sounded on,
do me honour, and they do good for it.”

So I saw the gathering of the beautiful draught
of that sign of the highest singing
which overlooks others as an eagle flies.

Since he was reasoned together alquanto,
turn to me with a salutevol nod,
and my master smiled so much;

and more of honour yet they make me much;
that they made me of their army,
That I was sixth in such a sense.

So we went up to the light.
talking things that silence is beautiful,
Yes, as it was 'to speak there where it was. '

We came to the foot of a noble castle,
seven times circled with high walls,
defended around a beautiful river.

This We passed as a hard ground.
for seven gates with these wise men:
We Juned in a meadow of fresh vegetables.

People were there with late and severe eyes,
of great authority in their semblance:
They spoke seldom, with soft voices.

So let us make ourselves from one of the sings,
on site open, bright and high,
so that see you potien all of them.

Right there, over the green enamel,
but show me the great spirits.
that of seeing in myself m'exalt.

I saw Eletra with many companions,
between whom I met Ettòr and Aenea,
Caesar armed with griphagic eyes.

I saw Cammilla and the Pantasilea;
on the other side I saw 'l king Latin
that with Lavina her daughter sedea.

I saw that Brutus chased Tarquin,
Lucretia, Lulia, Marzïa and Corniglia;
and only, in part, I saw the Saladin.

And I lifted up my eyelashes a little more.
I saw the master of color they know
seder between philosophical family.

All miran him, all honors do them:
there lived Socrates and Platone,
that there are others closer to them;

Democritus that the world at random poses
Dïogenès, Anassagora and Tale,
Empedoclès, Heraclitus and Zeno;

And I saw the good accoglitor of whom,
Dïascoris I say; and I saw Orpheus,
Tulïo and Lino and Seneca morale;

Euclid geomètra and Ptolomeus,
Hypocrat, Avicenna and Galïeno,
Averoi, what a great comento feo.

I cannot retract of all to full,
But that yes I am hunted by the long theme,
that many times to the fact the dir fails.

The sixth company in two gets dumb:
The wise duke makes me another way.
out of the queta, not the aura that trembles.

And I see in part where it is but Luke.