“Here is the fair with a sharp tail,
that passes the mountains and breaks the walls and the weapons!
This is the one who the whole world stinks!”

Yea my duke began to speak to me;
and hint that it would come to produce,
near the end of the marbles walk.

And that filthy fraudulent image
sen came, and came the head and the bust,
But he did not draw his tail on the shore.

His face was righteous man's face.
so benign had out of the skin,
And of one serpent all the other stem;

two branches had pilose in the armpits;
the back and the chest and both the coasts
paintings had knots and castors.

With more color, subdued and overlapped
never drapes Tatar or Turks,
nor were you canvases for Aragne imposed.

As the burkers sometimes stand ashore.
that part are in water and part on earth,
and as there between them Germans lurks

I think he's ready to make his own war,
so the bad fair you were
on the edge that is of stone, and on the sandstone.

In the compartment all his tail flicked,
twisting up the venenous gallows
As a scorpion, the tip was armed.

And the Duke said, “Now it is necessary to twist it.
our way a little insane to that
An evil beast that crowns therein.”

But we went down to the right udder.
and diece steps femmo up the streme,
to cease the sand and the flame.

And when we came to her,
little further over I see up the sand
People seder propinqua to the site idiot.

There is the master “Aciò that all full
experience of this giron port',
He said to me, “Go, and see their mena.

Let your reasoning be there short;
as you come back, I'll talk to this,
that he may grant his strong humers.”

So again up his head.
of that seventh circle all alone
I went, where the mesta people sit.

For the eyes pierced their sorrow;
from here, from there rescue with your hands
when vapours, and when warm soil:

not otherwise fans of state the dogs
Now with the head, or with the foot, when they are bitten
or fleas or flies or horseflies.

Then that in the face of certain eyes laid out,
Nor what the painful fire falls,
I knew none; but I noticed

that from the neck to each hangs a pocket
which had certain color and certain sign,
and so it seems that their eye feeds.

And as I looked among them,
in a yellow bag I saw light blue
which had face and demeanor of a lion.

Then, proceeding to my gaze at the curve,
saw another like red blood,
showing a white goose more than butter.

It's a big blue sow.
marked he had his white bag,
He said to me, “What are you doing in this pit?

Now thou goest away; and because thou hast lived,
know that my vicin Vitalïano
He'll sit here by my left side.

With these Fiorentin are Padoan:
thick fïate me 'ntronan ears them
shouting, ``Vegna' the sovereign knight

that will carry the pocket with three beaks! "”
Here he distorted his mouth, and out of the way he drew
the tongue, like ox licking the nose.

And I, fearing no more star cracked
he who had little star of me,
Go back to me from the lasse anime.

He found my duke who had gone up
already on the rump of the proud animal,
And he said unto me, Now be strong and bold.

Omani descends for the stairs;
mount before me, which I want to be half,
so that the tail can not hurt.”

Who is he who is with the recompense
de la quartana, there has already dull nails,
and triema all while looking at the rezzo,

This became me to the words of the doors;
but shame he made me his menaces,
who before a good sign makes a strong servant.

I thirsty him up my shoulder;
yes I wanted to say but the voice did not come
As I believed, Let thou embrace me.

But it, which once again overcame me
to another maybe, hard that I set it up
With his arms he clothed me and sustained me;

And he said, “Gerion, move now:
the broad rote, and the fall may be little;
think of the new soma that thou hast.”

As the spacecraft comes out of loco
back in back, yes then took off;
and then that he felt at play at it,

there 'v' was' the chest, the tail turned out,
and that stretched, like eel, moved
and with the branches the air itself collected.

More fear I do not think it was
when Pheton abandoned them, you brake them,
that heaven, as it still seems, was fighting;

nor when Icarus put their kidneys
felt plucking for the warmed wax,
shouting his father to him “Mala away keep!” ,

which was mine, when I saw that there was
in the air of each side, and I saw it extinguished
every view out of the earth.

She does not notice slow;
rota and descends but I don't notice
except that in the face and downstairs it sells me.

I already hear from the right hand the gorgo
to make under us a horrible scruple,
for that with my eyes 'n down my head I stick out.

Then I was more shy at the stoscio,
But I saw fires, and heard weeping;
Then I tremble all I gather together.

And I saw, that he did not see in front of him,
to go down and to turn through the great evils
that came along from different songs.

Like the falcon that was very high on the wings,
that without seeing worn out or bird
makes the falconer say “Omè, you fall!” ,

descends loose waves you move isnell,
percent rote, and from long stands
from his master, disdain and fello;

so you can at the bottom Gerïone
at the foot of the stagliata strongh,
and, dump our people,

flew away like a coarse rope.