So from bridge to bridge, other talking
that my comedy singing doesn't heed,
We came; and we kept the height when

we stayed to see the other slit
of Malebolge and other weeping them in vain;
and see it wonderfully dark.

Which in the arzanà of the Viniziani
bubbles the winter the tenacious pitch
to replenish their unhealthy woods;

that they do not sail in that place
who makes his new wood and who restores
the coasts to what he did most;

He who refutes from the mighty, and who from the stern;
others make oars, and others turn seamstresses;
Who is the third and the artimon is in the top—:

so, not by fire, but by god art,
boil there I lay a thick pegol,
who went to the house of every side.

She sees it, but she does not see in it
never that the bubbles that the boil lifted up,
and inflate all, and riseder compressed.

While I was physically aiming down there,
My Duke, saying, “Look, look!” ,
He brought me to him from the place where I was.

Then I turned as the man whose late
to see what they have to flee
and whose fear is rising up,

which, in order to see, does not delay the departure:
and I saw behind us a black devil
running up the rock come.

How much he was in the face!
and what I think of the unripe deed,
with wings open and light over your feet!

His humerus, which was agute and arrog,
he cared a sinner with both also,
And those tents of the feet grasped the nerve.

Of our bridge he said, “O Malebranche,
Here's a de li anzïan of Santa Zita!
Put it down, I'll come back for too.

to that land, which is well supplied:
Every man there is barattier, except Bonturo;
of no, to denar them, it is made there.”

Down there he threw it, and to the hard rock
And he turned; and never was he loose mastiff
in such a hurry to follow him.

And he came up, and he came up with it.
but the demons that were covered by the bridge,
shout: “Here has no place the Holy Face!

here you swim otherwise than in the Serchio!
But if you didn't want us scratches,
do not make over the overwhelming pegola.”

Then the addentar with more than a hundred streets,
said, “Coverto must be here dancing,
so that, if you can, you secretly accuse.”

Not otherwise the cooks to their vassals
they make actuffing in the middle of the boiler
the flesh with them uncin, why not roosters.

The good master “Ace that you do not pair
that thou be there,” he said, “down t'acquatta
after a splinter, that there is no screen to thee;

and not at all offension that I have done to me,
Fear not thou, that I have things number,
For I was at such a barter.

Poscia passed through the edge of the bridge;
and as he came up the sixth steep,
Mestier was there to have sure front.

With that fury and with that storm
that the dogs come out against the poor man
who asks when he stalls up,

those who went out under the jumper,
and turn against him all the runners;
But he cried out, “Let none of you be fello!

Before your uncin takes me,
I came from one of you that hears me,
And then he counsels to anger me.”

Everybody shouted, “Go Malacoda!” ;
that one moved — and the others stand still —
And he came to him, saying, What shall he come to them?

“Believe you, Malacoda, here to see me
have come,” said my teacher,
“safe already from all your screens,

without wanting divine and right fate?
Let go, for in heaven it is willed
Let others show you this wild path.

Then there was pride fallen.
That he let himself fall the hook on his foot,
And he said to the others, Let him not be wounded.

It is my Duke to me: “O you who sit
between the splinters of the bridge fourth,
Surely you return to me.”

So that I moved, and came to him a rat:
And the devils went all forward,
That I might fear that he would make a covenant;

so vid' ïo already fear them infantry
that came out of the bargain of Goat;
Seeing himself among enemies.

I approached with the whole person
along my duke, and did not twist their eyes
from their likeness, which was not good.

He chinavan raffle them and “You want to touch it”,
said to each other, “in on the rump?”
And he replied, “Yes, let him crouch him.”

But that devil who gave sermon
with my duke, he turned all early
And he said, “Put down, pose, Scarmiglione!”

Then he said to us, “Further to go for this
iscoglio you can't but that lies
all broken at the bottom of the sixth arch.

And if you like to go ahead.
Go up this cave;
near is another rock that way face.

Ier, more than five hours than this octa,
one thousand two hundred with sixty six
It was years that here the way was broken.

I send to beyond these of mine
to concern if any sciorina;
journeys with them, which shall not be king.

“Take you forward, Alichino, and Calcabrina”,
He began to say, “and you, Cagnazzo;
and Barbariccia drive the dozen.

Libicoccus goes over and Draghignazzo,
Cirïatto sannuto and Scratches
and Farfarello and Crazy Rubicante.

Look for the good bread.
Costor are saved inuntil the other splinter
that all goes over the burrows.”

“Homes, master, what is that I see?” ,
said I, “God, without escort go alone,
If thou knowest to go; that I shall not hold her for me.

If you have noticed how they sow,
Do not you see that it is grinding their teeth
And with the eyelashes they threaten them?”

And he said to me, “I will not let you fear.
let them grind in their sensation,
that they do this, that I read them in pain.”

For the left embankment dienno time;
but before each one had a narrow tongue
with teeth, to their Duke, by nodding;

And he had a trumpet.