Place is in hell said Malebolge,
all of stone of ferrigno,
like the circle that surrounds the turn.

In the straight middle of the malignant field
a very wide and deep well,
of which your site I will say the device.

That wild boar that remains is round.
between the well and the foot of the high steep,
and distinguished in ten valleys the bottom.

Which, where to guard the walls
more and more I were cingon them castles,
the part where I am renders a figure,

such an image there made those;
and as to those fortresses give them sogli
to the ripa out of are bridges;

so from imo de la rock rocks
movien that ricidien them embankments and I was
until the well that he truncates them and collects them.

In this place, de la back shaken
of Gerïon, let's find us; and the poet
kept to the left, and I moved behind.

In the right hand I saw new pity.
new torment and new whippings,
of that the first bolgia was repleta.

In the bottom were the sinners naked;
from the middle in this way they come to the face,
there with us, but with greater steps,

like the Romans for being so much,
the year of jubilee, up the bridge
have to pass people cultured way,

that on the one hand everyone has the forehead
to the castle and go to St. Peter,
from the other side they go towards the mountain.

This way, that way, up the bleak rock
I saw horned demons with great ferze,
that cruelly beating them from the back.

Ow how did they take up their berze
to the first beatings! already none
the second waited nor the third.

As I went, my eyes in one
and I said,
“Already to see this man are not fasting.”

For that reason, the feet affixed;
and the sweet duke with me is recovered,
and absentia, which is somewhat behind gissi.

And that whipped celar believed himself
He lowered his face; but he was little worth them.
that I said, O thou that the eye to the ground casteth down;

if the things you carry are not false,
I'm Venedice-Huntsman.
But what makes you so prickly sauces?”

And he to me: “I say badly volontier;
but strain me your clear fairy tale,
that makes me subsidize the ancient world.

I was the one who the Ghisolabella
I led to make the desire of the Marquise,
how the filthy news sounds.

And I do not weep here from Bologna;
indeed it is this place so full,
that so many languages are not now learned

saying “sipa' between Savena and Rhine;
and if you want faith or witness of this,
remember our miser bosom.”

So speaking the beating a devil
of his scurïada, and said, “Go, go.
Ruffian! here they are not females of minting.”

I joined him with my escort;
poscia with a few steps we became
there 'v' a rock of the ripa excia.

Very lightly that we went up;
And go right up by his splinter;
We departed from those eternal circles.

When we were there where el vanquishes
downstairs to give way to lash them,
And the Duke said, “Attentive, and make that faint

I face in you of these ill-born others,
to whom you still did not see the face
But they are gone together with us.”

Of the old bridge we looked at the track
who came to us from the other band,
and that the ferza likewise drives away.

He is the good master, without my dimanda,
He said to me, “Look at the great man who comes,
And for sorrow he does not hear tears:

how real look you still feel!
That is Iasón, who by heart and by wisdom
them Colchi del monton private féne.

Ello passed through the island of Lenno
then that the daring ruthless females
all males them to death dienno.

There with signs and with ornate words
Isiphilis deceived, the young girl
that before had all the others deceived.

Leaves there, pregnant, insole;
He condemns this guilt to such a martyr;
and Medea also takes revenge.

He goes with him who deceives on this side.
and this is enough of the first valley
to know and of color that 'n itself suffers”.

Already we were there've the narrow street
with the second embankment crosses
and makes of that to another bow shoulders.

So we heard people niche themselves
and the other bolgia, and with his snout scuff,
and medesma itself with palms beats.

The rips were grommed with a milde,
by the breath from the bottom that is appalling to you,
with his eyes and with his nose he wrestles.

The bottom is gloomy yes that we are not enough
loco to see without riding on the bump
of the arch, where the rock rises most.

We came there; and then down into the ditch
saw people implemented in a dung
that from them they were deprived parea moved.

And while I am down there with my eye seek,
I saw a head of gross shit,
who did not seem to be secular or cherco.

And he rebuked to me, “For if you are so good
to be more of me than others ugly?”
And I said to him, “Because if I remember right,

I have seen you with dry hair,
and himself 'Alessio Interminei from Lucca:
But I look for you more than the rest of them.”

And he then, beating the pumpkin:
“Down here I've been overwhelmed by flattery
And I never had my tongue putty.”

Hereafter he dukes him, “Let him pinge.”
he said to me, “his face a little later,
so that the face well with the eye draws

of that slutty and slaughtered footer
that there gets scratched with shitty nails,
And now he closes, and now he is standing.

Taïde is, the whore who answered
to his drud when he said ```Ho I thank you
great apo you?” : ``Indeed marvellous!”.

And so may our views be satisfied.”