Nessus was not there yet.
when we put ourselves through a forest
which was marked by a path.

Not green leafy, but gloomy color;
not blunt branches, but knotty and nfaces;
There were no dots, but stems with toscus.

They have neither harsh, nor thick.
those wild fairs that 'n hate have
between Cecina and Corneto the nearby places.

Here the ugly Harpies nests do them,
Than to hunt the Trojans out of the Strofade
with sad announcement of future damage.

Wings have late, and necks and human faces,
foot with claws, and feathered the great belly;
they moan up them strange trees.

He is the good master “Before he more engage,
know that he is in the second round”,
began to say, “and you will be while

that you will come to the horrible sabbion.
But it concerns well; yes you will see
things that torrien faith in my sermon.”

I feel of every part of trouble
and saw no person who did it;
For that I was lost, I arrested myself.

Believe that he believed that I believed
that so many voices came out, among those bronchis,
from people who were hiding for us.

But the master said, “If thou shalt log
some fraschetta of one of these plants,
Thou shalt think of them, they shall all be stoned.”

Then put your hand a little ahead
And I took a ramicel out of a great plum;
And his trunk cried out, “Why do I crash?”

From what fact it was then of brown blood,
He began to say, “Why do you disarm me?
hast thou not the spirit of mercy?

We were men, and now we were destroyed:
well should be your most pious hand,
if we were souls of snakes.”

As of a green stizzo that is burnt
from one of the princes, who mourns from the other
and squeaks for the wind that goes away,

yes de the broken splinter came out together
words and blood; so I left the top
I fell, and stood as the man who feared.

“If he could have believed before,”
My wise soul answered, “My soul,
that hath seen us with my remembrance,

He would not have his hand stretched in you.
but the amazing thing made me
to induce him to me that weighs upon myself.

But tell him who you were, so that
of any fine thy fame refreshments
in the world above, where to return to them lece.”

It is the trunk: “Yes with the sweet dir m'adeschi,
that I cannot keep silent; and you are not serious
Because I'm a little thinkin' I'm going to grow up.

I am the one who kept both keys
of the heart of Frederigo, and that he turned to them,
tightening and waving, yes soavi,

That almost every man took away from his secret;
faith I brought to the glorous office,
so that he loses them sleep and wrists.

The harlot who never gives the hospice
of Caesar did not torn their eyes put,
common death and of the short vice;

inflamed against me all animate them;
and flamed them, yes, Augustus,
I am glad to return in sad mourning.

My soul, for disdain taste,
believing by dying to flee disdain,
unjust made me against me just.

For the nine roots of this wood
I swear to you that I never broke faith
to my lord, who was worthy of honour.

And if any of you in the world,
comfort my memory, which lies
even of the blow that 'nvidia gave her. '

A little awaited, and then “Da ch'el si tace”,
said the poet to me, “Don't waste the hour;
but speak, and ask him, if you like more.”

Then to him: “Ask him again
of what you think that satisfies me;
that I could not, so much pity realizes me.”

So he began again: “If the om will make thee
freely what your say priega,
incarcerated spirit you still like

of saying it how the soul binds
in these nocchi; and tell, if thou can,
if any of these members is explained.”

Then he blew the trunk strong, and then
that wind was converted into such a voice:
“Brievemente will be answered to you.

When you leave the fierce soul
from the body wave she herself has unveiled herself.
Minos sends her to the seventh mouth.

He falls into the forest, and not the chosen part;
but there where luck the crossbow,
There it sprouts like a great spelt.

Surge in wormena and forestry plant:
the Harpie, then feasting from his leaves,
they make pain, and to the pain fenestra.

Like the others will be for our own spoils,
but not that any man clothing,
For it is not right to have what is taken away.

Here we will tear them apart, and for the mesta
wilderness will be our bodies hanging,
every man in the shadow of his harassment.”

We were still at the trunk waited,
believing that he wanted to say,
when we were of a surprise;

similarly to the one who come
hears the pig and the hunt for his mail,
that heareth the beasts, and the words faint.

And here are two from the left coast,
naked and scratched, fleeing so strong,
that of the forest I break every rosta.

That before: “Now run, run, run, death!”
And the other one, who seemed to be too late.
shouted, “Lano, yes I was not aware

your legs to the rides from the Toppo!”
And then perhaps the leness makes them,
of himself and of a bush made a lump.

To them was the forest full
of black bitches, longing and currents
like veltri that go out of the chain.

In that which was flattened miser their teeth,
and that rampage to piece;
Then they will bear those sore limbs.

Then give me my escort by the hand,
and impairments to the bush crying
for bleeding ruptures in vain.

“O Jacopo,” he said, “from Saint Andrea,
What is it good for you to make a screen?
What fault am I of your life reign?”

When “the master was over,” he stopped.
said, “Who were you, who by so many points
do you blow with painful blood sermo?”

And he to us: “O souls who come
you are to see the dishonest sorrow
there hath my leafs, yea, apart from me,

Pick them up at the foot of the sad basket.
I was of the city that in the Batista
changed the first master; waves of him for this

always with her art will make her sad;
and if it were not that 'n on the Arno Pass
there is still no sight of him,

those towns who then refound it
over the ashes that of Attila remained
I would have had to work in the first place.

I gave me my houses.”