The many people and the different plagues
had my lights so intoxicated,
that they were vague to weep.

But Virgil said unto me, What is it?
because your sight though suffers
down there in the sad shadows smozzled?

Thou hast not done yes to the other bolge;
think, if you count on her
that twenty-two miles the valley turns.

And already the moon is under our feet;
there is little time now that is alloted,
And there is something else to see that you do not see.”

“If thou had,” I answered after,
“waited to the cause for that I looked at.
Perhaps you would still have discharged me.”

Part sen giva, and I back went them,
the Duke, already making the answer,
and subjugating: “Inside that quarry

where I kept my eyes in the spot,
I believe that a spirit of my blood weeps
the guilt that so much costs down there.”

Then said the master, “Let not fray.
Your thoughts from here to come.
Wait for another, and he may remain there;

that I saw him at the foot of the bridge
show you and threaten with your finger,
and hear him nominate Geri of Fair.

You were then completely prevented.
over him who already held Altaforte,
That thou didst not look there, and he departed.”

“O my Duke, the vicious death
who is not avenged them yet,” I said.
“for none of the shame is a consortium,

He made him disdain; then he
I don't want to talk to me, yes, as I estimate:
And in this he hath made me more pious.”

So we talked inuntil the first spot
that from the rock the other valley shows,
if there were more light, all in imo.

When we were sor the last cloister
of Malebolge, so that his conversations
to give an opinion to our view,

mourned me different,
that of pity Ferrati had them strali;
so that I may hear them with my hands covered.

What pain is left, if they are sent
of Valdichiana between July and September
and of Maremma and Sardigna the evils

were in a pit all of us
that was there, and that stink came out of it
whichever come of the rotting member.

We descended up the last shore
of the long rock, though from the left hand;
and then it was my liveliest sight

down ver' the bottom, I've the minister
of the High Sire infallibil justice
punishes the falsadors he records here.

I don't think you'll see any more sadness
was in Aegina the popul all infirm,
when the air was so full of mischieves,

that animals them, until the worm of the petiol,
they fall all, and then the ancient nations.
according to that the poets have to stop,

refresh itself of the seed of ants;
who was to see for that dark valley
languir them spirits for different bikes.

What is above the belly and what is above the shoulders
one of each other lies, and what carpone
It was transmuted to the sad calle.

Step by step we go without sermon,
watching and listening to them sick,
that they could not take away their people.

I saw two sitting on himself,
how to heat it rests pan to pan,
from the head to the foot of macoled crashes;

and I never saw beating witchcraft before
to boy waited by the sign,
nor to him who wrongly wake,

like each one was often throwing the bite
de the nails above itself for the great anger
of the pizzicor, which no longer has aid;

And they took down their nails the scabies.
like coltel of scardova the scales
or other fish that has a wider size.

“O thou that with thy fingers dismatise,”
My Duke began to one of them,
“and that you make of them sometimes tantles,

Dinne s'un Latino is among these
that are five minutes in, if the nail is enough for you
and ternally to this work. '

“Latin are we, that you see so failures
here both,” answered the one weeping;
“But who were you who of us resigned?”

It is the Duke said, “I am a descendant
with this I live jumping down,
and to show it to him, I mean.”

Then the common increase broke;
and trembling each to me turned
with others that the bounce udiron.

The good master to me all greeted.
saying, Say to them what thou wilt want;
And I began, as he turned:

“If your memory doesn't get stuck
in the first world from the human lies,
but if she lives under many only,

tell me who you are and what people are;
your filthy and annoying punishment
Do not be afraid to reveal you to me.”

“I was of Arezzo, and Albero da Siena”,
answered the one, “He made me put to the fire;
But what I died here does not bring me.

It is true that I said to him, speaking at the game:
``I would be able to get out of the air on the fly”;
and those who had vagueness and a little sense;

He wanted me to show them art; and only
For I did not make Daedalus, he made me
to burn so that he had it as a son.

But in the last bolgia de le diece
me for alkymia that in the world I used
He cursed Minos, to whom he will not fail.”

And I said to the poet, “Now it was never
so vain people like Sanese?
Certainly not the Francesca so much!”

So that the other leper, who understood me,
answered my saying, “Tra'mene Stricca
who knew how to make the burdensome temperatures,

and Nicholas that the rich costuma
of the carnation before discoverse
in the garden where this seed is sticking;

and took the brigade into which he scattered
Hunting of Ascian the vineyard and the great foundation,
and the Dazzled hath spoken.

But so that you know who is depending on you
against the Sanesi, sharpen my eye,
so that my face well answers you:

Yea, thou shalt see that I am the shadow of Capocchio,
that I falsified them with alkymia;
And you should remember, if you look well;

as I was of good nature.”