I already saw Cavalier Muover field,
and begin flock, and show them,
and sometimes leave for their escape;

runner I saw in your land,
O Aretini, and I saw the gualdane,
fedir tournaments and ride carousel;

when with trumpets, and when with bells,
with drums and with nods of castle,
and with our things, and with strangers;

nor already with so different cennamella
Cavalier I saw mover nor pedestrians,
nor ship as a sign of land or a star.

We went with them diece demons.
Oh, fair company! but in the church
with the saints, and in the tavern with the gluttons.

Though a la pegola was my 'ntesa,
to see from the bolgia any demeanor
And of the people that were within them.

Like the dalphins, when they make a mark
A' sailor with the bow of the back
who argued that they might put wood in them,

so, to lighten the penitence,
show any of the sinners the bump
and hides in no time a whale.

And as at the edge of the water of a ditch
the frogs stand with their face outside,
so that they hide their feet and the other coarse,

so sinners were left on every side;
but as Barbariccia,
so it retracts under the boils.

And I saw him, and my heart also clothes,
one to wait like that, as he does
One frog is left, and the other one is left;

and Graffiachan, who was more than contracted them,
grabbed them the 'unregulated canopy
and trassel up, which seemed to me an otter.

He already knew the name of everyone.
Yes, I noticed them when they were elected,
And then it's called, waited like.

“O Rubicante, let you put them
You will nail them against them, so that you will skin it!” ,
All the maladets shouted together.

And I said, “My master, do, if you can,
that you know who the wretched is
came to the hands of his opponents.”

My Duke approached them.
I asked him to wave and the pits, and he said,
“I was born of the kingdom of Navarre.

My mother as a servant of a lord can me,
which had begotten me with a back,
destroyer of himself and his things.

Then I was the family of the good King Tybalt.
there I set up to barter,
That I am right in this heat.”

And Cirïatto, whose mouth comes out
of each part a sann as a pig;
He made them feel like a wreck.

Among evil cats had come 'the sorcus;
but Barbariccia closed him with his arms
And he said, Stand there, while I fork him.

And he turned his face to my master.
“Question,” he said, “again, if more disii
to know from him, before others.”

Let him therefore say, “Now say, of the rest of them.
know you any one that's Latin
under the pitch?” And they said, “You leave me.

little is, from one who was nearby.
So that I might still be covered with him.
That I would not fear a nail, nor a hook.

And Libicoccus “Too much had suffered”,
he said; and take his arm with his head;
so that, when he tore up, he brought a tear.

Draghignazzo also wanted to catch up
to their legs; so that their decurium
turned around with a sore eye.

When he was a little reconciled out,
to him, who was still looking for his wound,
asked 'My Duke sanza I dab,

“Who was he from whom evil departed
Say what thou didst do to come mighty?”
And he said, “It was Friar Elbow,

that of Gallura, vasel of all frauds,
which had the enemies of his woman in his hand,
And make them so that every one praise himself.

Danar took off, and left him on the floor.
even as it is said; and some others also offer them
barattier was not small, but sovereign.

Use with it woman Michel Zanche
of Logodoro; and to say Sardigna
their tongues do not feel tired.

Homes, you see the other one grinding;
I would say, but I fear that he
Do not be able to scratch my ringworm.

It is the great proposal, vòlto Farfarello
who shattered their eyes to faith,
He said, “Take it, you evil bird. “

“If ye wish to see or hear,”
began the following spatial again,
“Toschi, or Lombardi, I will bring;

but the Malebranche remain a little in cessation.
that he will not fear their vengeance;
and I, sitting on this spot itself,

for one that I am, I will bring seven
when I suffolate, as is our use
to make so that no holes are put.”

Cagnazzo's motto raised his nose,
collapsing his head, and said, “You hate malice
which he hath thought to be able to escape.”

And so that he had lacciuoli with great dividence,
said, “I am too mischievous.
When I have caused my sorrow.”

Alichin did not hold and, stumbling
to others, he said to him, “If you lie down;
I will not come after you with gualoppo,

but I'll beat the pitch over the wings.
I left my neck, and let the shield ripa,
to see if you alone are worth more than us.”

O thou who read, thou shalt hear new ludo:
each from the other costs them eyes wanted,
the first, which was cruder to this to do.

The Navarrese well his time seized;
stopped the plants on the ground, and at a point
jumped, and from the proposed them dissolved.

Of that every one of guilt was compitted,
But the more that was the cause of the defect;
But he moved, and cried, Thou hast come.

But little was worth it: for the wings to the suspicion
they could not advance; they went underneath.
And he stood up flying over his chest:

not otherwise the bark duck,
when the falcon comes down, it takes place,
and he comes back up cracked and broken.

Irato Calcabrina of the fun,
flying behind held them invaghito
that those camps to have a fight;

and how the barattier was disparity,
So he turned them claws to his companion,
And he was with him upon the ditch.

But the other was well sparvier grifagno
to artillate him well, and
fall into the middle of the boglient pond.

The warm sghermitor soared was;
but to get up was neent,
Yes avien envy his wings.

Barbariccia, with his other sorrow,
four of them fly from the other coast
with all the raffi, and very early

from here, from thence they descended to the post;
Porser you hook them up towards them,
which were already cooked in the crust.

And we left them so unraveled.