Enjoy, Fiorenza, then that he is so great
that by sea and on land beat his wings,
And by your name it spreads!

Among the thieves I found five cothals
thy citizens, that I may be ashamed of me,
and you don't go up in great horror.

But if at the morning of the ver,
you will hear, this way in a little time,
of that which Prato, not that others, yearn for thee.

And if it already does, it won't be in time.
So if he be a goddess!
For the more it will burden me, the more I am.

We departed, and up the stairs
which had made him come down before;
And he put my duke back, and took me,

and continuing the solinent way,
between the splinters and between 'rocchi de lo rock
I do not send the man.

Then I grieved myself, and now I'm giving my back.
when I raise my mind to what I see,
and the more the 'ngegno afflicts me not threshold,

That it may not run that virtue may not guide;
yes that if star bona or best thing
He gave me well, that I did not envy myself.

How many of the villan that rests on the hill
in the time that he who the world clears
his face to us keeps less ascos,

as the fly yields to the mosquitoe,
he sees fireflies down the valley,
Maybe there where is harvest and macaw:

of so many flames it all shines
the eighth bolgia yes as I noticed
tough that I was there've got the bottom parea.

And as he who sold himself with the bears
saw the chariot of Elijah in the department,
when the horses rise up to you in heaven;

that he could not follow with his eyes;
that he should see nothing but the flame alone;
Yes as a cloud, upwards rise:

so you move each through the throat
of the ditch, for no one shows theft;
And every flame a sinner flew away.

I stood over the bridge to see surgery,
so that if I hadn't taken a ronchion
I would have fallen down well to be bumped.

It is the Duke who saw me long-awaited.
He said, “Inside the fires are the spirits.
He is bound by that which he is incited.”

“My master,” I answered, “to hear you
I am more certain; but I was already warned
that it was, and he already wanted to tell you:

who is 'n that fire that comes yes divided
di sopra, that par surger de la pyra
Where was Ethiocle and his brother miso?

He said to me, “In there he is martyred.
Ulysses and Diomedes, and so together
to vengeance go as to wrath;

and inside from their flame groans
the ambush of the horse making the door
So the fair seed came out of the Romans.

I cried within the art for that, death,
Deidamiah still grieves of Achilles,
and the Palladium will be brought there.”

“If he can inside by those sparks
to speak,” said I, “master, very ten priego
and repriego, that the priego order thousand,

that do not make me de l'awader new
until the horned flame is here;
See that I am bending of disio. '

And he to me: “Your prayer is worthy
of much praise, but I accept it;
but let your tongue support itself.

Let me speak, that I have a concept
what thou wilt; which he would be slave,
For it is out of Greeks, perhaps of thy saying.

Then the flame came there.
where he seemed to my duke time and loch,
in this form he speak audivi:

“O you who are two in a fire,
if I deserved of you while I lived,
if I deserved of you very much or little

when in the world I wrote them high verses,
do not move; but one of you say,
where, for him, lost to die gissi”.

The greatest horn of the ancient flame
began to collapse whispering,
even as the one whose wind weareth;

Then the top here and that,
as if it were the language that speak,
thrown out voice and said, “When

departed me from Circe, who stole
me more than a year there at Gaeta,
before yes Eenëa the nomaxe,

nor the sweetness of a son, nor the pity
of the old father, nor the debt of love
What should Penelope be glad?

win they could within me the ardor
which I had to become of the world expert
and of human vices and valor;

but I put myself for the open sea
sol with a wood and with that companion
little girl from whom I was not deserted.

The one quarrel and the other I saw infin Spain,
up to Morrocco, and the island of the Sardis,
and the other that the sea around it bathes.

I and 'comrades were old and late
when we came to that narrow mouth
where Hercule marked his concern

that the man beyond himself should not be put;
from the right hand I left Hisle.
from the other had already left me Sect.

“O friars,” I said, “that for a hundred thousand thousand
You have come to the West,
to this so much petiola eve eve

of our senses which is of the rest
do not want to deny the experience,
of retro to the sun, of the world without people.

Consider your seed:
if you were not to live as you were burnt;
but to follow virtute and canoscenza”.

My companions made me so sharp.
with this little orazion, on the walk,
that I would have held them in pain thereafter;

and turn our stern in the morning,
We made wings to the mad flight,
always buying from the left-handed side.

All the stars already from the other pole
sees the night, and our so low,
that does not surge out of the sea soil.

Five times resent and many casso
the light was below by the moon,
Then that we were in the high step,

when a mountain appeared, brunette
for the distance, and parvemi high as much
that he had no sight.

We rejoiced, and hard came back to weeping;
because of the new earth a turbo was born
and beatings of the wood the first song.

Three times the fé turn with all the waters;
at the fourth lift the stern in suso
and the bow will rise down, as others please.

that the sea was closed over us.”