Already was straight up the flame and queta
to say no more, and already from us
with the license of the sweet poet,

when another one, who came behind her,
made them turn them eyes to his top
for a confused sound out of it.

Like the Cicilian ox that mooed before
with the weeping of him, and it was straight,
who had tempered him with his lime;

mooed with the voice of the afflicted,
so that, with everything that was of copper,
even though it seemed from the pierced pain;

so, for not having away nor foramen
from the beginning in the foco, in his language
you convert the grame words.

But if they were to be caught in their life
up the tip giving her that flicker
who gave his tongue in their pass,

We heard, “O thou to whom I stand.
the voice and that you were speaking Lombardy,
saying, `Istra ten goes, no more angry.”

that I may have come a little late;
Do not you regret to stay and speak with me;
You see that he does not mind me, and I arouse!

If thou still in this blind world
fallen himself of that sweet earth
Latin wave of my guilt all reco,

tell me if Romagnuoli have peace or war;
that I was of the mountains inbetween Orbino
It is the yoke of that Tever wakes up.”

I was still careful and bow,
when my duke tried to cost me,
saying, 'Speak thou; this is Latin. '

And I, who had the answer ready,
without delay to speak, I began:
“O soul that hid down there,

Romagna your is not, and it was never
without war in the heart of his tyrants;
But I did not leave you before.

Ravenna is like it has been many years:
the needlewoman from Polenta is hatched it,
So that Cervia sew up with her vages.

The land that already makes the long test
and Franceschi bloody pile,
under the green branches is found.

It's the old mastin and the new from Wart.
that made the mountain the evil government,
where I'm a fan of teeth I suck.

The cities of Lamone and Santerno
leads the lïoncel from the white nest,
that changes from the state to the verno.

And the one whose Savio wets his side,
as she is between the plane and the mount,
between tyranny you live and been frank.

Now who is, I prieve thee that count;
not be harsh any more than others have been,
if it is your name in the face of the world.”

Then the fire had roared somewhat.
in its own way, the agute tip moves
From here, from there, and then he gave his breath:

“If I thought my answer was
to a person who never came back to the world,
this flame is not more shaken;

but but that already never of this fund
no one came alive, if I hear the true,
Without a theme of infamy, I answer you.

I was a man of arms, and then I was a cordille,
believing me, yes gird, make amends;
And surely my believers come in whole.

If he were not the great priest, to whom he took evil! ,
who forfeited me in the first faults;
and how and when, I want him to understand me.

As I form, I was of bones and flesh
that the mother gave me, my works
It was not a lion, but a fox.

Takes them and the blankets ways
I knew all, and I brought them art,
that for the purpose of the earth the sound came out.

When I saw myself in that part
of my age where each one should
Let down the sails and gather the seamstresses;

what I like before, then I dislike it,
and repented and confessed I gave myself back;
Ahi miser lasso! and it would be good.

The Prince of the New Pharisees
having war near the Lateran,
and not with Sarachin, nor with Jews,

for each of his nymics was Christian,
and no one had been to win Acre
nor a market owner in the land of Soldano,

neither high office nor sacred orders
looked in himself nor in me that halter
that he would make his belts more macre.

But as Constantin asked Sylvester
from within Siratti to heal of lebbre,
so he asked me these for master

to heal of his superb fever;
asking me for advice, and I'm clearing
because his words seemed to have.

And he said again, `Thy heart do not suspect;
I absolve thee, and thou teaches me to do
Yes as Penestrino in the ground jets.

Heaven may I tighten and forget,
as you know; but there are two keys
that my antecessor did not care.”

Then I pinser them serious arguments
there've 'silenced me was warned the worse,
And I said, Father, since thou washest me

of that sin where I fall delight,
long promise with the short wait
He will make you trïunfar in the high seat.”

Francis came then, as I was death,
for me; but one of the black cherubims
And he said unto them, Bring not; do not wrong,

Come if you give it down between my petty
because he gave the frodful council,
from which they are in this state to the horsehair;

that absolver can not he who does not repent;
nor repent and want together puossi
for the contradizion that does not allow”.

Oh, sore me! how I collected myself
when he took me and said, ```Maybe
Thou hast not thought that I was löico. '

And he brought me to Minos; and they encircled
eight times the tail to the hard bump;
and then she bit her out of anger.

He said, This is of the kings of the fire.
that I, where you see, am lost,
and yes clothed, going, I grudged.”

When he had his saying so accomplished,
the flame, sorrowing,
twisting and debating the agute horn.

We pass on, and I and my duke,
up the rock inup the other bow
that cuopre 'the ditch in that you pay the wire

to those who betting buy carco.