I say, following, that much earlier
that we were at the foot of the high tower,
them our eyes n'ar suso to the top

for two flames that we saw them leak,
and another from far render nod,
so much so that the power of the eye tòrre.

And I turned to the sea of all my senses;
I said, “What does that say? and that responds
That other fire? And who are they who make him?

And he to me: “Up by the sweaty waves
already see you can what he expects,
If we were of the pantan, he will not hide you.”

Rope never pinched by itself lightning
that he would run away in the slender air,
how I saw a little ship

to come by the water to us in that,
under the rule of one galleot,
who cried out, “Now he has come, my soul.”

“Phlegis, Phlegis, thou shalt cry unto vòto,”
said my lord, “this time:
You will have no more than passing the lotus.”

What is he who listens great deception
that it be made of them, and then regrets it,
Flegias did in the received wrath.

My Duke descended into the boat,
And then he made me intrude with him;
And only when I was inside it seemed carca.

Hard that the Duke and I in the wood was,
sawing away the ancient bow goes
of water more than it does with others.

While we ran the dead gora,
before me a full of mud,
And he said, “Who are you that come now? “

And I said unto him, If I see, I shall not remain;
But who are you, who have been ugly?”
He said, “See that I am a weeping. “

And I said to him, “With weeping and mourning,
wretched spirit, you remain;
That I know you, let all be gross.

Then stretched out to the wood both hands;
for that the wise master suspected him,
Saying, “It is with them other dogs.”

His neck then girded me with his arms;
basciommi his face and said, “Alma disdainy,
Blessed is she who got pregnant!

He was a proud person in the world;
goodness is but his memory fries:
So there is his shadow here fury.

How many of you now up there great regi
that they will stand here as pigs in the brig.
of himself, leaving horrible despair!”

And I said, “Master, I would be very vague.
of seeing him actuffing in this broth
before we went out of the lake.”

And he to me: “Forward that mighty her
let yourself be seen, you shall be full:
of such disity may be that you enjoy.”

After that little did I see that sorrow
make of this man to the muddy gents;
that God still praise and thank him.

Everyone shouted, “To Filippo Argenti!” ;
and the Florentine spirit bizarre
In itself, he turns with his teeth.

And We left him there, and I tell no more about it.
But my ear struck me a sorrow.
For that I have begun the intent of the eye.

The good master said, “Omai, son,
The city has its name Dites.
with the great cities, with the great crowd.”

And I said, “Master, already his meschite
there within certain in the valley of cerno,
vermilia as if of foco you go out

were”. And he said unto me, The eternal fire
which in the morning shows her red,
as you see in this low hell.”

Even though we were in the high pits
that this desolate land is valley,
the walls seemed to me what iron it was.

It does not beforehand make great circumvention,
we came partly where the nocchier strong
“Go out,” he cried, “here is the intruder.”

I saw more than a thousand up the doors
from the rained heavens, which strangely
They said, “Who is this man who does not die

go for the kingdom of the dead people?”
It is my wise master who made a sign
of wanting to speak to them secretly.

Then they closed the great disdain a little.
And he said, Thou comest alone, and those go away
that so daring intrude for this kingdom.

Let us go back on the crazy road:
if he knoweth; for thou shalt abide,
that hath them inescorted so dark district”.

Think, reader, if I was upset
in the sound of the evil words,
that I never believed to go back.

“O dear Duke, who more than seven
times you have assured me rendered and traded
of high perilion who stood against me,

Do not leave me,” I said, “so undone;
and if it is denied to pass further on,
Let us find our footsteps together, rat.”

And that sign, which brought me there,
He said to me, “Fear not; for our step
There is no one to us: it is given by such.

But here wait for me, and the spirit is loose.
comfort and food of good hope,
that I will not leave you in the low world.

So he goes, and there he abandons me
the sweet father, and I maybe,
that yes and no in the boss keeps me.

You could not hear what he gave to them.
But he did not stand there with them healed,
that each one in pruova resorted to himself.

Closing the doors of our opponents
in the chest of my lord, who remained out of
and turned to me with rare steps.

Eyes to the earth, and the eyelashes were spared
and he said in his sights,
“Who denied me the sorrowful houses!”

And he said unto me, Thou, because I am angry;
Do not be surprised, that I will win the test,
whatever the defense inside wanders.

This tracotance of them is not new;
for already the secret usaro bears
Whose sanza serrame is still found.

On her, she saw the dead writing:
and from here is the erte descendant,
passing through them you search without escort,

so that the open earth shall be for him.”